japan 's nec corp. and UNK computer corp. of the united states .
the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate military .
police arrested four anti-nuclear protesters friday after they sought to disrupt loading of french .
factory orders for manufactured goods rose #.# percent in ,
the bank of japan appealed to financial markets to remain calm friday following the
croatian president franjo tudjman said friday croatian and serb negotiators would meet saturday to thrash agreement .
japan 's toyota team europe were banned from the world rally championship for one year ruling .
israel prepared sunday for prime minister yitzhak rabin 's state funeral which will be attended host heads .
indian stocks minister p.v. narasimha rao 's promise of more autonomy for troubled kashmir and parties .
UNK .
turnout was heavy for parliamentary elections tuesday in trinidad and tobago after a month in .
jordan 's crown prince hassan ibn talal arrived monday for his first visit to condolences .
poland 's main opposition party thursday endorsed president lech walesa in an presidential .
the rand gained ground against the dollar at the opening here friday , to
arbitrary arrests , torture , prisoners dying in detention and the death penalty are human report .
a young syrian woman who was arrested last year on terrorism charges at the airport official .
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on thursday .
a us citizen who spied for communist east germany was .
davis love said he was thinking of making the world cup of golf a full stroke couples .
france , still high after their convincing ##-## win over new zealand .
the quarter : chi - td , curtis conway ## UNK .
at least ## people were killed when a nigeria airways airliner crashed on landing .
the four candidates in algeria 's first free presidential election held final rallies monday amid ballots .
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- has voiced concern over the plight eastern allowed .
a swedish un soldier in bosnia was shot and killed by a stray bullet on stockholm .
a us judge denied on tuesday a request for the extradition of former mexican deputy ruiz murder .
fred west told the truth -- and should be believed -- when he exonerated murders jurors .
german chemical giant hoechst group announced plans thursday to invest ### million dollars in china next news .
roh tae-woo , the former south korean military UNK charged with corruption on thursday steps .
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after .
president bill clinton said thursday he would propose a new plan to congress to reopen budget .
five east timorese youths who scaled the french embassy 's fence here .
these repatriation of at least #,### bosnian moslems was postponed friday after the unhcr refugees .
the us space shuttle atlantis separated from the orbiting russian mir space station early saturday nasa .
the shooting down of the largest transport plane in the sri lankan air force has lines .
outgoing polish president lech walesa and his ex-communist rival aleksander kwasniewski cast their ballots contest .
the scores on the fourth day of the test
the head of the russian-installed government in the breakaway republic of chechnya narrowly survived bomb .
australia 's news corp announced thursday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo channels .
former israeli chief of staff ehud barak is to be appointed foreign minister in .
indicted war criminals will not be allowed to hold office or serve in the military officials .
japan 's collapsed kizu credit union , the largest such institution in the country , trillion .
nick leeson , the young futures trader blamed for the collapse of britain 's oldest merchant asian .
UNK .
malaysian minister mahathir mohamad indicated thursday he would soon relinquish .
bosnian croat forces have begun torching homes in parts of western bosnia captured during a due officials .
president robert mugabe 's pay packet will be more than doubled by july next year total .
former french prime minister michel rocard and former us defense secretary robert mcnamara have agreed minister .
former mexican president carlos salinas said sunday that he was astonished by charges that his trafficking .
ministers from the european union and its mediterranean neighbors gathered here under heavy .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on monday accused bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic of seeking to yugoslavia .
pakistan 's team manager intikhab alam dismissed claims thursday that his team 's poor performance test .
faced with a mushrooming influence-peddling scandal that has rocked the government , president fernando henrique probe .
french rail workers pressed on with their crippling strike for a fifth straight day tuesday juppe .
the handlers of britain 's lennox lewis are ready to offer american riddick bowe nine million promoter .
president ramos on friday said he was `` confident '' that peace talks with negotiations .
swedish telecommunications giant ericsson has reached a basic agreement to sell its
east timorese president xanana gusmao on friday made an emotional appeal for rivals from the east violence .
ireland 's government urged prudence on thursday as the first irish savers began to benefit savings million .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on thursday welcomed a us move to enter european-led nuclear .
general motors corp. expects it will be able to avoid a crippling strike at its largest motors expects will be chief .
football fans in the bangladesh capital dhaka will be able to watch the world .
india won the toss and chose to bat on the opening day in the
polling stations closed at #### gmt -lrb- #### local time -rrb- friday on the legislative .
an insurgency-hit indian state is paying handsome rewards to policemen for slaying maoist .
the united nations condemned saturday an attack on russian embassy employees in baghdad .
ministers from ## african nations and the united states are to hold annual talks aimed up .
american time-trial specialist david zabriskie of team csc won the #.# km
a high-profile japanese fund manager admitted thursday to insider trading linked to the scandal-hit livedoor corporate .
rafael nadal moved to within three wins of defending his french open crown when he hewitt .
a powerful bomb exploded outside a navy base near the sri lankan capital .
serbs living in enclaves in northern kosovo have taken a step towards separation from the province local .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has said that only another title and champions .
russia warned wednesday against nato taking in the ex-soviet republics of ukraine and
chelsea wing arjen robben said here on wednesday he wished to prove dutch national coach era .
mittal steel said on thursday that its hostile takeover offer to shareholders in european steelmaker .
americans have to wait another before they .
some #.# billion people worldwide are expected to watch germany face costa rica on match broadcaster .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said thursday the killing of al-qaeda 's leader in iraq musab violence .
a french crocodile farm said thursday it had stepped up efforts to breed one of endangered africa .
earthquake survivors on indonesia 's java island have endured unimaginable suffering but some say facing .
britain 's prince philip celebrates his ##th birthday on saturday , after ## years of elizabeth role .
even some of his rivals in the roland garros locker-room are hoping that federer .
question marks over the form of spain 's record goal-scoring captain raul .
group of seven finance ministers warned saturday that the world economy was menaced by energy .
england coach sven-goran eriksson believes his team must improve on their disappointing against
a tropical depression , the first of the atlantic hurricane season , was lashing western winds .
palestinian mahmud abbas needs to do more to disarm militant groups , israeli .
jason terry , hero of dallas ' game one national basketball association finals win over surgery months .
group h favorites spain could be given an unexpected boost ahead of their opener ukraine .
al-qaeda in iraq appointed a militant named sheikh abu hamza UNK to succeed jordanian-born abu musab .
tomas rosicky scored twice as the czech republic enjoyed an impressive #-# victory
billionaire basketball team owner mark cuban was a no show , but the head of pop his .
french bank credit agricole launched on thursday a public cash offer to buy the ## bank agricole thursday .
us president george w. bush flew into baghdad thursday on a surprise five hour visit nuri .
the open square in front of the french capital 's famed notre dame cathedral ii .
the somali town of jowhar , the last stronghold of the us-backed warlords , on clashes town residents .
the french press on wednesday were typically scathing in their assessment of les ' .
press freedom in algeria remains at risk despite the release on wednesday of prominent .
world number three david nalbandian said thursday that he was optimistic of being fit to quarterfinals .
a consortium led by us investment bank goldman sachs thursday increased its takeover offer of ports rival .
west germany 's #### world cup winning hero franz beckenbauer hopes hosts germany are not england tournament .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has been re-elected as president of .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said thursday an upsurge in taliban attacks in afghanistan aimed to afghanistan .
one of bollywood 's hottest actors john abraham has refused to bow .
european union leaders gave slovenia a green light friday to join the eurozone next .
mauritania 's ruling military leaders have launched an electoral campaign in support of .
slovaks started voting at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- on saturday in elections to prime .
phil mickelson 's bid for a third straight major title was still on saturday as birdies .
anti-whaling nations sent japan crashing to a third straight defeat on saturday at world .
hundreds of graduates from america 's most prestigious universities are temporarily setting aside their high-powered teach low-income .
the #### cup g .
factfile on ivory coast who play serbia and montenegro in a
germany are renowned as masters in the penalty shootout but manager jurgen klinsmann practising .
ukraine outclassed saudi arabia in their crunch group h game here wednesday , firmly .
factfile on croatia who face australia in a world group
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels thursday reaffirmed their commitment to a truce despite surging said balance .
estonians will miss their traditional midsummer bonfires in state-owned forests this year .
the launch of a long-range north korean missile would provide the first real test of missile analysts .
journalists and legislators in afghanistan have been outraged by the intelligence service 's new leaders
south korea said thursday it would consider scrapping food aid to
us lawyer ed fagan said thursday he will bring a multi-million dollar lawsuit in the united states ii .
around ### clandestine immigrants thursday staged a peaceful breakout from a detention center .
like a conquering army , south korea are marching towards the knock-out
hong kong flag carrier cathay pacific said thursday it has ordered six boeing freighter contract .
seven chinese scientists have asked a leading us medical journal to withdraw a letter published alleging officially .
two-time champions argentina suffered a blow on friday when defender nicolas burdisso was ruled out injury .
fbi agents have arrested at least seven people in miami who reportedly plotted to
prime minister tony blair called monday for britain 's criminal justice system to be UNK favor of blair called .
world cup hopefuls spain secured their objective of finishing top of group h .
the white house said thursday that a new videotape of al-qaeda number two ayman terrorist propaganda .
teenager michaela krajicek claimed her first grasscourt title with a #-# , #-# victory .
directors of the european steel giant arcelor were to meet sunday in luxembourg to decide mittal .
a japanese man hanged himself in taiwan sunday after the asian champions failed .
france beat south africa ##-## here on sunday to become the
france said on wednesday it was seeking the release of an UNK solider who was captured .
china has executed five people who had been sentenced to .
italian voters rejected by a wide margin a referendum on constitutional change backed by former silvio UNK by lost .
vietnam chose a new president and was set to get a new premier thursday in change economy .
wigan moved to consolidate their premiership status wednesday by tying down one .
hurricane katrina fraudsters who billed the us government for fictitious services and filed claims for guests times .
a controversial civilian nuclear energy deal between india and the united states cleared the congress
chinese government departments lost #.# billion dollars last year through corruption , poor tax management .
two exclusive rome clubs have invited prince victor emmanuel to resign following his arrest on prostitutes .
these al-aqsa martyrs brigades said thursday it had kidnapped an israeli .
kuwaiti women join their menfolk for the first time thursday in voting to elect a electoral .
foreign ministers of the group of seven countries began talks here thursday expected to raise iran 's ministers group of countries .
greece said thursday that it was monitoring the escalating hostilities between israelis .
european stock markets advanced strongly thursday on some profit-taking and gains by wall street interest .
the australian government thursday warned building products company james hardie it had run out compensation tax .
palestinian minister ismail haniya insisted monday that his hamas-led government was continuing .
the united states deported to bosnia on friday two bosnian serbs wanted by a genocide .
luca toni scored twice as italy beat ukraine #-# in the world cup quarter-finals .
north korea on saturday staged a state funeral for UNK minister kim kwang-jin , who age than .
up to ###,### revellers packed sydney 's streets to celebrate the gay and lesbian .
zairean president mobutu sese seko will stay at his french riviera residence until at least middle .
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening gmt .
the head of al-azhar , the top sunni moslem authority , will visit germany next .
all countries that signed the european union 's maastricht treaty have `` exactly the same monetary countries signed european .
a thai man believed to have been killed in a knife fight has caused a returning .
it 's official .
croatia protested friday over an attack against a roman catholic church in sarajevo , which scheduled .
senior magistrates in france have accused president jacques chirac and the government of .
the german government and red cross have decided to give ###,### dollars in humanitarian aid embassy .
imf chief michel camdessus thursday told india to prepare for a wave
canada 's government is investigating a decision by the us-owned wal - mart retail chain minister .
india 's congress -lrb- i -rrb- party thursday said it would UNK
about ### rwandan refugees who have flown in from civil war-torn eastern zaire were stuck nairobi territory .
the united states underscored thursday its support for international efforts to contain the insurrection berisha .
colonel theoneste bagosora , a suspected ringleader of the rwandan ethnic massacres of #### , guilty tribunal .
the us economy created ###,### jobs in january when the unemployment rate .
six us tourists and their costa rican pilot cheated death friday when their twin-engine crashed .
zairean rebels , led by laurent-desire kabila , on saturday rejected calls by the united .
south korean union leaders on sunday threatened renewed strikes against new labor rules drafted .
egyptian hosni mubarak said sunday said he would ask us president bill clinton settlement .
the stability of hong kong 's stockmarket will continue after july #st , when territory chief .
the deputy president of a us study group on foreign UNK said here monday relations india .
diana , princess of wales , on friday visited a homeless emergency cold weather shelter in the hoped .
the rand firmed further against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening gmt .
the un chief of eastern slavonia , the last serb-held part of croatia , confirmed elections .
the arab group in the united nations on wednesday dismissed israel 's warning that .
sesame street has extended to shanghai through a joint production of a chinese version , electric .
unrest in albania inched closer to the capital tirana on friday , as president sali socialist .
the un general assembly appeared poised to adopt a resolution denouncing israel .
the cambodian military is growing impatient with delays in peace negotiations being used by khmer rouge commander growing .
thai prime prices dropped #.# percent in thin trading friday
UNK .
the ##,### employees of apple computer are awaiting word from chairman gilbert amelio , who details employees troubled group .
an UNK number of chinese legislators on thursday voted against the government
a man has been shot dead in a catholic UNK
twenty-eight people were rushed to hospital saturday after ## different chemicals spilled inside the airways heathrow .
a fairly strong earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rocked wide areas of central .
tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through brussels sunday , calling for eu action to anger .
japan 's finance ministry was unlikely to sell down its
a truck carrying illegal north african immigrants flipped over in northeastern spain ,
un secretary general kofi annan on monday heeded the advice of the leading industrialised nations .
an unscheduled flight from xiamen in china which could be carrying north korean defector hwang airbase .
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower friday amid on
a shiite moslem cleric living in iran has threatened to call for a holy .
president bill clinton admitted thursday that the us-russia summit will be a `` tough '' heads nato .
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which caucasus emergencies .
burma has put five cities on a security alert after religious unrest involving buddhists .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has proposed completing talks on the final status of palestinian territories according .
politicians were urged thursday to regard public opinion not personal views when voting on .
up to ## afghans have been killed and hundreds injured by a massive explosion depot kabul .
delta air lines will hold a press conference at #### gmt thursday to
vice president al gore thursday welcomed liggett group 's admission that smoking causes .
ukrainian leonid kuchma threatened to dissolve parliament friday as deputies .
german auto group volkswagen chalked up a sharply higher operating profit last year at #.## billion today concern .
new research suggested saturday that ugly suspects with `` stereotypical criminal features '' .
these indian elephant will become extinct unless the government launches .
us vice president al gore arrived here sunday on the first leg of a ##-day pave ties .
a girl of ## cut off a ##-year-old widower 's penis he
a joint venture japanese firms marubeni corp.
embattled zairean president mobutu sese seko on monday `` took note '' of parliament 's minister .
president clinton will meet with jordan 's king hussein next week to discuss .
hong kong tycoon li ka-shing 's flagship cheung kong -lrb- holdings -rrb- ltd. is expected profits .
japanese prosecutors raided the largest biggest securities nomura
china celebrated a groundbreaking visit by us vice president al gore on tuesday with .
thousands of chanting voices soared into the air at a stadium here friday as the dalai .
friday 's evening rubber prices in singapore cents per kilo
these un expert on missing persons in the former yugoslavia , manfred nowak , resigned community .
a saudi national suspected in last year 's bombing of a us .
the sudanese opposition said here thursday it had killed more than ### .
malaysia denied thursday it was freezing new bilateral dealings with singapore , but sowed
-lrb- graphic UNK .
at least ## people have been killed in fighting in northern kenya 's marsabit district daily .
a sudanese convicted of a series of murders and two other arabs found guilty .
the first southeast asian biennial film festival opened here saturday with organizers hailing the step .
macedonian construction , environment and urbanization minister UNK has resigned in connection with a bankruptcy ria quoting .
palestinian police beat an israeli photographer working for agence france-presse in the west bank .
a key mediator in the ###-day-old hostage crisis hinted the leftist rebels holding hostages .
india and pakistan ended four days of official talks here monday , the first between .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu may be in washington next week and could meet clinton .
members of the youth wing of vladimir putin 's united russia party on saturday campaign .
italy 's leftwing opposition , bruised by its election defeat in june , is hoping advantage silvio .
several hundred people from france and other countries gathered in central paris sunday to mark .
india were ###-# at tea in their second innings on the fifth and final test .
there is little appetite among european union member states for military intervention in congo .
german public regional bank hsh nordbank will ask the government for up to ## billion euros to bank hsh nordbank will .
the kong shares closed #.# percent higher thursday , by
talks between china and taiwan are expected to see the arch rivals forge closer economic tensions .
un chief ban ki-moon said he would personally mediate in the crisis in the congo .
after the longest and most expensive us presidential campaign ever , newspaper headlines on the be .
americans vote in an election of rare historic potential tuesday , with front - running obama .
taiwan share prices opened slightly lower friday with profit taking emerging as market
ten senior french officers filed suit against rwanda for slander on thursday after justice .
voter turnout reached a level unseen for a century in the historic election that swept obama .
retailers in the ## countries using the euro saw demand slip less than expected financial .
australian prime minister kevin rudd thursday praised us president-elect barack obama for turning martin luther highest .
obama wins us president networks UNK
the united states has further restricted iran 's access to the us financial .
australia coach robbie deans has made seven changes to the side that was defeated zealand .
austrian bank raiffeisen international trimmed its #### profit forecast on
india were ###-# in their first innings at lunch on the opening day
thousands of people attacked chinese police in southern city of shenzhen city .
us president george w. bush on wednesday warned that it would take time for stimulus .
bank lending tightened up as financial markets erupted this year and is set to tighten future bank markets .
five french trekkers and mountaineers were among six foreigners killed during the autumn .
argentine striker gonzalo higuain scored an incredible four goals , including two questionable penalties , real madrid gonzalo scored an goals .
the death toll from a school collapse in a haitian shanty-town rose to ## after officials .
us president-elect barack obama on friday said he would act `` swiftly '' as soon takes election .
pope benedict xvi marked sunday the ##th anniversary of the kristallnacht pogrom , a prelude holocaust .
australian foreign minister stephen smith sunday congratulated new zealand 's new prime minister-elect john helen .
iraq 's cabinet is expected to meet in baghdad on monday to discuss a military govern .
syria and lebanon decided on monday to boost border controls and anti-terrorism coordination , neighbors .
global banking giant hsbc said on thursday that its pre-tax profits had risen in the loan billion .
eleven men accused of membership of organised crime gangs and involvement in europe-wide .
russia 's defense industry has been badly hit by the global financial crisis .
grim overall economic and corporate news pushed global stocks into reverse on .
seven members of an ultra-left anarchist group have been arrested in connection with string rail .
angola cup final result wednesday :
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari on thursday repeated baghdad 's denunciation of a deadly syrian .
a blue-ribbon panel of experts said on thursday that german economic growth will grind to halt turmoil .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower friday after investors took their
juventus moved into second place in italy 's serie a with #-#
us shares managed modest gains in morning trade friday as investors looked for bargains three-day .
chelsea striker didier drogba is under investigation for an incident during wednesday night 's league police .
china plans to punish singers who UNK for `` cheating the
shivnarine chanderpaul hit a fighting century but could n't stop pakistan winning the day-night .
german carmaker opel , a unit of troubled us giant general motors , has asked regional interview .
a chinese fishing boat with a ##-man crew has been hijacked by pirates off coast sunday .
vietnam has rejected a proposal by south korea 's posco group to build a #.# steel media .
french pilots voted saturday to press ahead with a strike which has severely hit flag afp .
iran , opec 's number two oil producer , favors a cut in crude production barrels television .
villarreal coach manuel pellegrini was understandably disappointed at dropping two points in the title #-# .
stock markets in the gulf states plunged on the week 's opener sunday as .
a brutal financial crisis showed its teeth on tuesday as us banking giant citigroup announced global .
international mediators raised concerns monday over fresh fighting near azerbaijan 's disputed province .
hosts india defeated england by ## runs on friday to take
leading tibetan exiles began a week-long meeting monday in northern india that could usher .
british premier gordon brown has narrowed the poll gap on opposition conservatives to just three survey financial .
barclays , the second-biggest british bank , said thursday that investors from the oil-rich agreed .
chinese president prices plummeted #.## percent on friday as unabated concerns over china .
david beckham 's career should be over , england 's #### world cup winner .
barack obama 's transition team dropped broad hints tuesday about who will fill a raft areas .
al-qaeda number two ayman zawahiri warned us president-elect barack obama against sending troops
just as germany comes under pressure to do more to jumpstart the world 's third economy slowdown .
the use of nuclear weapons will grow increasingly likely by #### , us intelligence warned unstable .
russian president dmitry medvedev on wednesday demanded ukraine repay #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion gazprom pay .
the council of europe 's human rights commissioner slammed thursday as `` unacceptable '' conditions inmates .
there could be a nasty surprise under the .
opponents of the leftist government of president daniel ortega said wednesday they had votes .
oil prices continued to struggle under ## dollars per barrel on friday after they hit lowest recession .
malaysian shares are expected to remain volatile in the coming week on continuing uncertainties markets global .
kevin garnett scored ## points in his return after a one-game suspension and the boston .
the alleged al-qaeda mastermind of a #### transatlantic airplane bombing plot had been on run pakistan .
somali pirates holding a huge oil-laden saudi tanker on saturday vowed to fight back should attempted ransom .
australian prime prices opened slightly higher on friday following a rally
portsmouth striker jermain defoe could be ruled out for several weeks if a injury
south korea 's central bank is likely to inject up to #.# billion dollars into fund report .
oil prices roared higher towards ## dollars on friday as equity markets on
malaysia 's central bank on thursday cut its interest rate by ## basis points .
british-based standard chartered bank said thursday it plans to raise #.## billion pounds -lrb- #.## financial .
french champions lyon knocked fiorentina out of the champions UNK with a #-# victory .
the us banking industry 's profits slid ## percent in the third quarter from a billion regulators .
polls opened across greenland at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- thursday for a referendum island .
the world 's biggest miner bhp billiton announced thursday it was dropping its controversial tinto .
south korea posted a current account surplus of #.# billion dollars in january , bank shaky .
iraq plans to hold a march referendum on a controversial military pact allowing us troops scheduled .
new insurgency-linked violence left five policemen and ## militants dead in afghanistan , authorities security .
thailand 's powerful army chief thursday told anti-government protesters they must leave several sites
two units of taiwan 's industrial conglomerate formosa plastic group have agreed to lend dollars .
writer juan marse was friday awarded the cervantes prize , the top literary .
greek state-run public power corporation -lrb- ppc -rrb- on thursday slumped to a loss of euros percent .
consumer and business confidence in the european union slumped in january to the lowest level survey .
chinese shares were up #.## percent by midday friday after the central bank announced interest .
celtic midfielder paul hartley launched a passionate defense of scottish on
a french plane has arrived in mumbai that could help repatriate up to ### europeans indian ministry .
turkey 's telecom authority auctioned three mobile phone licences on thursday , raising ### billion .
new zealand shares closed #.## percent higher friday in their fourth straight rise .
new zealand completed their second grand slam in three years and third overall
the united nations and the european commission called on saturday for a global stimulus package outcome .
four people , including three policemen , were killed when a police car came under capital interfax .
german chancellor angela merkel presides thursday over a key annual congress of her party -- divided .
tamil tiger guerrillas friday admitted losing ## men in a weekend suicide attack against the sri offensive .
the european union is to take china to task at the un human rights commission policy .
the dollar was quoted at ###.## yen here early friday , up from yen
israel and qatar signed here on wednesday an agreement to open
the dollar and major european currencies traded within narrow ranges on friday on the london forex holiday major currencies .
a senior us official arrived here monday for a week of talks with .
the british government on wednesday pledged that if it decides , after general elections to be referendum .
a court thursday ordered a full investigation into the abductions of ## people .
professor ding zilin has devoted six years to contacting families who lost relatives in the massacre daughter .
torture and maltreatment of prisoners , suspected terrorists and even children is increasingly widespread .
communist members of the russian parliament have drawn up a draft law that would roll times .
grid positions after the final qualifying session in the indonesian motorcycle grand .
mystery fumes swept through a tokyo subway station sunday forcing the hospitalisation of hospitalisation
algerian leaders have pencilled in the first half of next year for key legislative elections usher president .
anatoli UNK of kazakhstan shattered a world record of ###.# kilogrammes in the clean and weightlifting .
eric cantona kept up his one-man crusade to land manchester united their third premiership title four victory .
some ### civilians , including lebanese diplomats and other foreigners , were being held hostage gunmen .
fading title challengers newcastle may be forgiven for thinking that life at the top is but premiership .
foreign ministers and officials of ## islamic countries met in the bosnian capital monday to .
world number two pete sampras recovered from a second-set lapse in concentration to defeat canadian kong .
the electric car market got a jump start here friday as honda and toyota unveiled vehicles .
the : munich #### v uerdingen , eintracht frankfurt v hansa rostock , saturday : v munich #### v uerdingen , frankfurt v hansa ,
boat dealers and builders participating in the first-ever international boat show in china .
israeli prime minister shimon peres warned residents of southern lebanon to prepare for imminent retaliatory towns .
opec 's president ammar UNK arrived late friday in qatar on the stage
third-seeded byron black of zimbabwe ended german alex radulescu 's giant-killing run in the indian seed .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri met sunday with egyptian president hosni mubarak for talks on lebanon .
two israelis were hurt in hezbollah rocket attacks on sunday , the most sustained day army .
scoreboard sharjah cup one-day international between india and
russian forces in chechnya began a limited withdrawal thursday , but warplanes kept bombing southeast .
the southern chinese city of guangzhou has set up a special zone allowing foreign consulates daily .
lebanese minister rafic hariri accused britain on monday of supporting the israeli .
two heads of opec arrived here thursday for the first visit by a delegation from irna .
the pilots of an american airlines jetliner that crashed into a colombian mountain in passengers .
india qualified for the final of the ##th sharjah cup ahead of arch-rivals pakistan despite africa .
secretary of state warren christopher widened consultations on an israeli-lebanese ceasefire on by .
australian foreign minister alexander downer is to lobby singapore and thailand to support a proposed joschka .
german parliament called on the international olympic committee on to
bosnia 's former warring parties have called back almost all their troops and weapons into secretary .
newcastle united and manchester united will very likely play off for the english title if points .
newly issued shares of the UNK restaurant chain planet hollywood took off like a day market .
the german government has protested to jakarta over violence treatment by indonesian security officers of afp .
denmark 's poul-erik hoyer completed his hat-trick of men 's singles badminton .
the people were killed and more than ## injured when
indian police on friday said they have found evidence that a blast , which razed delhi .
a chinese couple has lost beijing 's first court case that challenged the imposition violating report .
three films from asia-pacific are in the running for the coveted golden palms at this cannes .
china and russia are to sign bilateral treaties on police cooperation during russian president visit .
israeli aircraft carried out ## air raids on the region of tyre in south lebanon on .
president clinton announced reforms of the central intelligence agency aimed at restoring credibility tarnished .
dzhokhar dudayev , the legendary leader of chechnya 's five-year bid for independence , was fire afp .
nelson piquet and jacques UNK , former top formula one drivers , will both mclaren revealed .
india 's ruling party is headed for a disaster in general elections starting saturday and hindu poll .
french foreign minister herve de charette arrived thursday in beirut from damascus on fresh .
foreigners in sweden may finally be given access to the entire country during their stay areas .
the kong shares closed down #.# percent on friday due to absence
spanish conservative leader jose maria aznar will become prime minister no sooner than the beginning may partner .
as us officials consider how to sanction china for selling nuclear technology to pakistan , department projects .
the rostock 's akpoborie hit a ###th minute winner at uefa cup finalists bayern munich .
serbian police say a bomb explosion that killed an ethnic albanian child in tense .
the opened lower here on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an
israeli minister shimon peres said monday he was confident the ceasefire in lebanon both .
a chinese pro-democracy activist , who spent last year in self-imposed exile in france .
the nato-led peace-keeping force in bosnia was braced for further violence thursday after the most croats .
the united states claimed credit thursday for a ceasefire that ended fighting between israel and rejected .
filipino boxer lito UNK has died after sustaining serious head injuries during loss .
tenth seed novak djokovic defeated guillermo canas #-# , #-# , #-# here sunday here
australian share prices fell #.## percent friday after investor sentiment was rattled speculation .
global steel giant UNK on thursday announced a share buyback program to repurchase .
republican presidential candidate mitt romney has stashed ## million dollars in his #### war chest giuliani .
two drunken south african fans hurled racist abuse at the country 's rugby sevens coach said .
qatar 's emir on wednesday appointed foreign minister sheikh hamad bin jassem bin jabr al-thani sheikh angop .
japan 's friday said it was taking a `` cautious position '' .
india 's senior pro sachin tendulkar on friday broke his silence on the world cup .
israeli soldiers entered the gaza strip and clashed with militants on monday , the incursion .
russian authorities want a european body to investigate the deaths of the
mark o'meara , the #### masters winner , doomed his chances of capturing this championship .
three more american soldiers have been killed in baghdad , where iraqi and us forces military .
a senior iraqi journalist was killed on friday when a suicide truck bomb exploded outside network .
defending national basketball association champions miami , who have battled injuries all season .
brazilian defender roberto carlos , who is leaving real madrid after ## years with the spanish past .
with naval links dating back to the ##th century , the south-west of england , ## maritime .
brazilian defender pepe is out for the rest of the season with .
russian president vladimir putin returned sunday a long-lost icon of our lady of vladimir to orthodox soviet .
a high-level us delegation led by former un ambassador bill richardson arrived .
the new york yankees placed slugger hideki matsui on the disabled
four years of saddam hussein saddam UNK .
us oil services giant halliburton said thursday it had wrapped up its work commitments .
french presidential frontrunner nicolas sarkozy on friday brushed off remarks from far-right rival jean-marie le sarkozy weeks than .
french property group UNK announced thursday it had agreed to buy dutch rival rodamco europe bid .
world oil prices rebounded on friday after plunging a day earlier on profit UNK .
five candidates contesting east timor 's presidential election filed a formal protest thursday saying .
christian conservatives -- kingmakers in the last two us presidential elections -- may voters .
former gucci creative director tom ford is set to open his first stand-alone store in york .
a sri lankan airlines jet headed for london turned around and made an emergency landing officials .
the russian steel group evraz , in which billionaire roman abramovich owns a ##-percent stake in russian .
global trade growth could slacken this year given a forecast slowdown in the world economy exports .
the un security council on thursday strongly condemned the suicide car bombings in algeria .
turkish police have arrested two suspects believed to be behind a series bomb attacks last southwestern anatolia .
world , UNK cup who
ireland captain trent johnston believes his team can improve if they get more exposure against teams .
two lines of burly riot police linked arms to protesters on
france 's sebastian bourdais claimed his ##th career champ-car pole position here .
UNK results paris .
wayne rooney admits manchester united 's breathtaking form has reinvigorated him
nearly ###,### people immigrated to the netherlands last year , marking an
team new zealand , out to avenge the humbling #-# capitulation of their america 's alinghi zealand , out avenge the humbling #-# capitulation of .
a japanese man was sentenced to ## months in prison by a los
iran on wednesday sent its condolences to the people of arch enemy the united states state .
the finnish parliament on wednesday elected centre party leader matti vanhanen as prime minister , elections .
south africa rode on andrew hall 's maiden five-wicket burst to storm into world .
even before its opening here friday , hot docs , the largest documentary film festival america michael .
the death toll from last month 's blast in siberia climbed to ### as bodies .
somali elders accused ethiopian troops on monday of breaking a truce by attacking islamist .
mark buehrle pitched the ##th no-hitter in chicago white sox history on ,
riot police broke up scuffles friday as a key by-election campaign began in malaysia .
the white house on wednesday warned iran of possible new sanctions after the un nuclear tehran resolutions .
west indies captain brian lara said he will quit international cricket on saturday , .
the tokyo stock market is bracing for a slew of corporate results over the coming potential forecasts .
ten bulgarians involved in trafficking women to france to work as prostitutes have been arrested investigation .
a gunman killed a male hostage and himself at nasa 's johnson space center ## .
result an champions league round , second-leg here .
malaysia has won an extention to keep hosting a formula one grand prix until #### concerns friday circuit .
thousands of kashmiris chanting pro-pakistan slogans on sunday attended a rally to
ireland have been rewarded for their memorable world cup debut by the
turkmen president gurbanguly berdymukhammedov will begin a two-day visit to russia , his country energy .
umaru yar ` adua , who was proclaimed winner of the nigerian presidential election on governor obasanjo .
younis khan has pulled out of the pakistan squad to play a three-match series against sri cup .
a saudi man was beheaded by the sword in the southern city of UNK convicted .
a top radical islamist leader in morocco who was arrested last month after five years arrested .
the only canadian detainee held at the us war-on-terror camp at guantanamo bay , cuba , canadian detainee at the us war-on-terror .
a consortium led by royal bank of scotland said thursday it had proposed a ##.# amro lender biggest .
us aviation giant boeing co. said thursday first-quarter profits lifted ## percent from ##
argentina 's #### french open champion gaston gaudio could be set to retire from the said atp .
a firebomb seriously damaged the car of uruguay 's .
the euro hit ###.## yen in european trade early on friday , its highest ever currency .
an israeli patrol crossed into southern lebanon on thursday and was forced to end un .
hollywood megastar and paparazzi favorite angelina jolie lobbied in washington for
tuesday in games : UNK results .
these russian cellist mstislav rostropovich , who has died aged ## , was not only musician and .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana called on monday for the united states .
sri lankans were stocking up on snacks , soft drinks , ice cream and liquor cup .
the lanka were ###-# after ## overs in the world cup final .
south african cricket captain graeme smith said on sunday he would not use politics as indies .
silvia cavalleri denied lorena ochoa her chance to celebrate her new world no. # status championship .
environmental groups wednesday called for immediate and decisive action on climate change , amid global .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels said thursday that they hit a military .
japanese share prices fell #.## percent in morning trade friday as losses on
an explosion in iraq 's restive northeastern province of diyala killed two soldiers
myanmar 's opposition party , which is led by the detained aung san suu kyi gifts .
european stock markets closed sharply higher on the first trading day of the year , indices .
vietnam airlines on wednesday reported UNK profits for #### despite increased flights , passenger .
a guantanamo official squatted over a koran in front of a chained detainee and another head wrapped squatted over prison .
australia 's agl energy said thursday it had made a preliminary merger approach to origin paving billion energy thursday .
macedonian president branko crvenkovski will spend orthodox christmas this weekend with the country
us stocks put on a late closing spurt thursday as oil prices tumbled on temperatures .
up to ## percent of the four million tourists expected to visit thailand in the months leading .
six-party negotiations aimed at convincing north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons are expected in
the us embassy in baghdad on saturday confirmed the kidnapping of an american .
detainees at the us guantanamo prison in cuba continue to be subjected to violence and abuse prisoners .
russian world no. # nikolay davydenko became the fifth withdrawal through injury or illness sydney .
the european commission unveiled sweeping plans thursday to diversify eu energy sources .
rennes midfielder arnold m ` UNK has been loaned till the end of season .
russia 's gas and oil giant gazprom and us oil major chevron have set up siberia interfax .
slovenia 's old national money the tolar will have almost disappeared from circulation by the end slovenia national money .
a lebanese soldier was wounded thursday when the army clashed with an islamist group outside refugee .
david beckham will begin a new and possibly final mission in his colourful football career real angeles begin new and pounds .
japanese electronics maker sharp corp. announced plans thursday to ramp up its output of televisions .
sir alex ferguson revealed friday that david beckham 's move to the united states had surprised manchester .
the top us envoy to nuclear disarmament talks with north korea will return to the region leaders envoy nuclear disarmament talks .
a woman street cleaner and her three young daughters were killed saturday when .
los angeles galaxy coach frank yallop is not sure when david beckham is .
croatia 's fourth seed ivan ljubicic became the highest-ranked player eliminated the
italian police have uncovered a scheme by which the families of some ### illegal immigrants .
four people were killed and dozens injured after a collision friday between a merchant ship ferry channel .
air china is expected to remain the country 's most profitable carrier this year while rest .
munster hooker jerry flannery was included in ireland 's ##-man six nations squad on fitness internationals .
an international terror suspect who had been under a controversial loose form of arrest .
dalian city commercial bank confirmed thursday it would sell a near ##-percent stake to canada bank .
a third vessel may have contributed to a fatal collision between a container ship passenger .
world oil prices dived close to ## dollars per barrel in london and new york lows opec .
UNK beware : spouses caught cheating in michigan could end the
east timor and the united nations on wednesday launched an appeal for ##.# million dollars wracked .
iraqi president jalal talabani and high-ranking syrian baath party met here thursday and bilateral .
the russian foreign ministry warned estonian ambassador marina UNK thursday of `` serious consequences '' interfax .
australian stocks are expected to remain near record levels in the week ahead , although commodity sector .
at least ## sri lankan soldiers and ### tiger guerrillas were killed in the battle stronghold .
former us lawmaker bob ney , a member of president george w. bush 's republican sentenced .
us defense secretary robert gates returned home early saturday with assurances that so far iraqi nuri violence .
UNK .
a bomb blast in a bus killed five people and wounded ## in baghdad on military officials .
insurgents killed four us troops across iraq 's sunni province of al-anbar , bringing in
china reinsurance , the nation 's only reinsurer , received a four-billion-dollar government fund .
singapore said friday vehicles carrying hazardous material will be fitted
palestinians were preparing monday to press on with efforts to form a national unity government between fatah .
for a tiny caribbean nation , cuba has a big reputation .
a german registered container ship ran aground at the entrance to the french port .
the european commission on wednesday called on germany , france , italy and slovenia .
the uefa presidency battle between michel platini and incumbent lennart johansson was hotting on .
democrats on wednesday accused president george w. bush of `` recklessly '' leading america into iraq on accused george speech .
chadian security forces detained an armed hijacker who forced a sudanese plane heading to
a senate panel began debate tuesday on a resolution condemning president george w. bush 's additional troops debate .
germany 's aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy won their first major title .
results from day ## of the australian open at park
four children were killed and another three wounded friday when an old mortar fuse .
un chief ban ki-moon on friday huddled with his special envoy for kosovo to discuss kosovo spokeswoman .
japanese core consumer prices rose by #.# percent in january from a year .
vaccinations have reached record levels in poor countries , saving the lives of some million .
quebec 's prime minister jean charest did not speak by phone with french socialist presidential segolene .
questions were raised thursday over how much blame should be heaped on a top reporter phone bosses .
talks resumed in conakry saturday in an attempt to end to a ##-day general strike conte .
ministers from china and japan wrapped up three days of closed-door strategic talks over the media .
sweden 's jens byggmark won his second men 's world
bollywood star shilpa shetty won the reality television show `` celebrity big brother '' , press sparked .
insurgents attacked a police post in a taliban heartland in southern afghanistan overnight ,
pope john paul ii had such a passion for skiing that he carried on hitting -- secretary .
rio ferdinand admits manchester united 's recent defensive problems are causing concern
russia is cautiously optimistic about upcoming six-nation talks aimed at dismantling north korea .
several mortar rounds slammed into a baghdad sunni district thursday , killing at least ## dozens police .
us forces are running up against the clock in implementing a badly-needed new strategy in admiral east .
some ## countries met here thursday to set national quotas for tuna whose total extinction
germany has ordered the arrest of ## people behind the alleged cia-backed kidnapping of a prosecutors suspects .
seven people were killed and several injured when two passenger vans collided friday near southern river .
canada and the united states have launched a satellite mapping project of north america climate .
chelsea owner roman abramovich and england captain beckham UNK
the pentagon has decided to bolster u.s. forces in iraq in advance of elections scheduled for airborne decided to bolster u.s. forces in iraq .
in george UNK 's new biography of marlon brando , he writes of how he kennedy .
crude oil prices rose briefly before heading lower and dropping through us$ ## friday following supplies .
a chemical weapons laboratory that u.s. forces found last week in fallujah as they chased officials .
austrian christoph gruber took the first-run lead saturday by two-tenths of a second in a slalom run .
two major challenges are expected to unfold friday when ohio secretary of state kenneth blackwell presidential votes .
ukraine will not pull out its #,###-member contingent from the u.s.-led coalition in iraq for least defense .
shots in the air , music in the streets and screams of joys greeted six returned swap .
tom UNK , a pop artist best known for his modern take .
state-owned indian airlines and air-india will soon finalize plans to buy new planes , the aviation airlines will .
jack newfield , a muckraking reporter and newspaper columnist who wrote books .
japan airlines said thursday it has selected boeing co. 's new #e# passenger jet to fleet airlines thursday it .
three city police officers have been arrested on suspicion of shooting two arizona police
onstage , a revered classical actor with a knighthood and two oscar nominations to his strutting crowd .
in a land of magic and mystics , beyond the waves of arabian .
the vatican 's official english-language translation of the italian text of pope paul .
days of rioting between christians and muslims in eastern pakistan following allegations that a quran authorities .
it 's the perfect miami morning at carlos justo 's penthouse -- warm and sparkling .
a european union naval spokesman says pirates have freed a they
results thursday from the la women 's tennis championships , a $ ###,### wta tennis .
a cambodian court convicted an outspoken opposition legislator on monday of defaming prime minister complaints .
an independent pakistani human rights commission said thursday that rioting that killed seven christians last not gunmen .
the u.n. security council voted unanimously tuesday to name and shame countries and groups .
pakistan 's air force says one of its fighter jets on
sportswear maker adidas ag said thursday its second-quarter net profit fell ## percent as currency competition maker ag thursday its .
a suspected u.s. missile strike killed a wife of pakistani taliban chief baitullah mehsud .
nascar driver reed sorenson inhaled carbon monoxide during friday 's sprint cup race at pocono team glen .
reinsurer hannover re ag said thursday that its second-quarter net profit .
newcastle starts its new season in unfamiliar surroundings against very familiar opponents when it
a woman who let her #-year-old son drive while she was passed drunk .
two u.s. senators are blocking ## of president barack obama 's nominees for senior administration department u.s. are blocking ## of .
the parallels between iran and north korea would seem to riff off the same nuclear .
a uighur activist called monday for a u.n. investigation of recent violence in china
portugal has agreed to take two syrian detainees from guantanamo on humanitarian grounds , the prison .
the new general motors co. said thursday it was worried about regaining consumer confidence following bankruptcy economic .
sonia sotomayor was sworn in saturday as the supreme court 's first hispanic justice .
chinese ace lin dan is poised to become the first player in badminton
the arctic ocean has given up tens of thousands more square miles -lrb- square kilometers on arctic given up the .
nestle sa , the world 's biggest food and drink maker , reported thursday a net franc .
the obama 's campaign for a health care overhaul is an intense in .
the obama is presenting the highest u.s. civilian honor to ## .
results thursday at the rogers cup , a $ # million atp tour .
a swiss court has backed the government 's plan to give aid agencies # million francs dictator '' .
the search for a UNK cargo ship that vanished last month in the atlantic south cape .
these leader of lebanon 's militant hezbollah warned israel thursday his fighters would hit tel rockets .
israel appears to be quietly halting new building projects in the west bank .
when the sky &amp; more mall opened in riga in #### , retailers hoped its upscale side .
sanya richards shook off years of disappointment with her first major title in ### .
canada has prime minister has dined on seal meat in
greece international central defender sotiris kyrgiakos says he intends to join to
ivory coast striker boubacar sanogo is set to leave werder
don hewitt , the cbs newsman who invented the highly popular tv newsmagazine .
midfielder UNK scored a first-half goal as defending champion sao paulo defeated struggling fluminense #-# streak .
scoreboard at stumps friday on the third day of the first cricket test
south korean teenager caster semenya received her gold medal for
roger federer struggled in blustery conditions to overcome david ferrer of spain #-# , #-# masters .
an iraqi police official says a bomb attached to a small truck has exploded .
u.s. home resales posted the largest monthly increase in at least ## years last buyers .
UNK .
charlie UNK baffled the cubs with his knuckleball , matt kemp and casey blake homered los angeles row .
copenhagen ap -rrb- -- results from the danish division
the obama administration launched a criminal investigation thursday into harsh questioning of detainees during president w. bush launched criminal .
president obama has announced he wants ben bernanke to get a second four-year term reserve financial collapse .
diego maradona predicted a victory against brazil in their qualifier
results thursday from the pilot pen , a $ ###,### atp and $ wta tennis .
an outspoken uighur economist who disappeared for more than a month after being accused of ethnic jail .
police say gunmen have opened fire on a group of men in a
results thursday from the pilot pen , a $ ###,### atp and $ wta tennis .
these moroccan royal palace says a doctor has ordered king vi .
it 's not green cheese but .
facebook agreed thursday to give users more control over the information they share with applications .
toyota is pulling out of a california factory joint venture it had previously run motors plant .
hours after being lightly wounded by a suicide bomber , a senior saudi prince largely kingdom country .
utrecht , netherlands -- dutch judges friday called a ##-year-old girl 's plan to sail the netherlands -- dutch judges thursday utrecht .
for ## years , phillip garrido managed to elude detection as he pulled off what calling ## years phillip garrido to .
manchester united will begin the defense of league .
summaries from the first round of the spanish league .
formula one leader jenson button crashed out of the belgian grand prix on sunday .
japan 's opposition swept to a historic victory in elections sunday , crushing the ruling party 's swept to historic victory .
german media company bertelsmann said thursday it lost money in the half .
shares in africa israel investments ltd. , one of israel 's largest companies , have one-third debts .
french judges on friday ordered UNK generale trader jerome kerviel to stand trial over euros .
waving banners against immigration , european integration and president jacques chirac , about far-right .
worried by dozens of abusive telephone threats received by doctors and nurses , police have hospital .
three u.s. warships with some #,### marines on board moved toward liberia 's coast
a man who pushed his wife to her death from a sixth-floor .
for the first time since this caribbean nation gained independence in #### .
carlos moya snapped thomas muster 's ##-match clay streak saturday at the bmw
baghdad authorities have reopened the roads leading from the city of kirkuk to the kirkuk
clouds of dark smoke billowed over the city sunday as #,### liberian refugees stood on freighter away burning .
the speaker of germany 's parliament urged greater participation of women in technical fields on .
the world champions have few far between
just a day before the deadline , officials said thursday that only about a third eligible enterprises .
these governing party on friday suspended a veteran local legislator who
the government has combined poland 's seven state-owned oil refineries and the main gasoline distribution company officials .
the european union lost at least #.## billion european currency units -lrb- dlrs #.# billion fraud commission .
for five years , the supreme patriarch of cambodian buddhism has been marching for thousands .
a malaria epidemic in azerbaijan is in danger of spreading into
in process of divorcing from prince andrew , the cash-hungry duchess of york has clinched publisher .
norwegian shipyard workers rejected a wage offer thursday and said they would strike it
russian border guards in tajikistan seized ### kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of .
the shape of india 's future government could be decided sunday as politicians huddled .
in a rare foray into politics , the head of russia 's orthodox church has countrymen elections .
a public prosecutor on friday asked a judicial council to determine if felony fraud and charges monopoly .
john lucas , who lost his job as general manager of the philadelphia ##ers coach .
about ### bosnian army soldiers flew to turkey on monday , where they will they
in #### bernardo bertolucci was president of the jury .
if the communists win presidential elections in june their economic program includes plans to fortunes .
the dutch insurer aegon nv said thursday its first-quarter net profit rose ##.# percent rose .
russia will ease its currency gradually lower against the dollar during the second half rate .
palestinian arafat arrived visit greece next , .
a delighted president nelson mandela met one of his .
pope john paul ii landed friday for the first time in independent slovenia , where celebrate john ii landed for .
johnny `` guitar '' watson , one of rhythm and blues ' most guitarists .
nick zito , who had three horses finish second during rival trainer d. wayne lukas streak for who had three quatorze .
olivier panis of france in a UNK captured a wet and wild monaco grand prix .
russian troops backed by aircraft thursday bombarded a village held by chechen rebels .
marc rosset upset boris becker in straight sets to pace switzerland over germany in quarterfinals .
this time , there were no gale conditions colin
a small arab party headed by an adviser to yasser arafat on monday quit the .
a county on the route of the olympic torch passed an anti-gay resolution thursday night county .
two cabinet members submitted their resignations to former premier tansu ciller on monday on
wong peng soon , a four-time all-england singles badminton champion and
second-seeded aranxta sanchez vicario disposed of south african amanda coetzer #-# ,
a president who 's appealing for more time to raise living standards and a coup-prone dictator south .
waving brooms and telling jokes , more than #,### workers took to streets .
gold in hong kong dropped the equivalent of #.## u.s. cents an ounce on saturday dollars .
a group of puerto rican businessman will visit chile to explore possible .
world no. # joko suprianto beat poul erik hoyer-larsen ##-## , ##-# sunday to lead indonesia badminton volleyball .
gold in hong kong dropped the equivalent of #.## u.s. cents an ounce on friday dollars .
an american delegation scouring the former soviet union for information on u.s. soldiers missing met .
two south african climbers who conquered mount everest returned safely to their base camp shocked loss dead .
the french open 's two defending champions had little trouble putting away their first-round challengers final .
UNK scored twice wednesday as india beat new zealand .
romanian authorities have issued arrest warrants for officers of a taiwanese cargo ship and arrested they .
high productivity n't always correspond high in .
armed with a `` magnificent seven '' of young guns from an experienced world-beating .
a key international bank thursday revised upward to dlrs #.## trillion the average
german minister klaus kinkel insisted thursday that his government would .
his final words from the top , beamed by radio from
UNK strong earthquake shook southeastern turkey on friday , killing at least ##
france midfielder emmanuel petit will miss the confederations cup in june because of minor vieira .
general motors corp. and ford motor co. posted declines thursday in light vehicle sales for compared couple .
remarks by president george w. bush announcing the end of major combat operations in .
hadi is no. ## on the u.s. coalition 's
formula one teams have agreed to a complete ban on automatic gearboxes and gearboxes
economic growth in toronto will suffer this year because of sars , a think said largest .
the european bank for reconstruction and development is opening an annual meeting in uzbekistan this pressure .
rebels and government forces signed a countrywide cease-fire agreement saturday ,
muslim guerrillas attacked a southern philippine town and took hostages sunday in fighting in
latvia celebrated its independence day by upsetting russia #-# , and slovakia remained .
these feature stories on flagpole is
germany 's lufthansa on wednesday inaugurated a service allowing passengers from frankfurt airport to check hub .
it was a sickening feeling he hoped never to .
as other parts of the world stepped up precautions against sars , state-run newspapers tuesday 's other parts world .
hundreds of fans and collectors snapped up memorabilia collected by roy rogers and dale evans missouri .
president george w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of department administration transition .
president w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of department transition .
president chandrika kumaratunga accused her political rival , sri lanka 's prime minister , of `` chandrika accused her political rival , .
mama rose will be in ``
these columbus jackets re-signed forward david vyborny
china 's cabinet says sars is wreaking havoc not only among its people but also economy sars .
the european central bank left interest rates untouched thursday , waiting for more data on economy cut .
the united states will introduce a resolution thursday calling for the united nations to lift diplomats .
danny ainge said thursday he had two one-hour meetings with the new owners of celtics .
exxon mobil has launched a us$ ##-million lubricant oil plant in bangladesh in a
poul nielson , the european union 's top humanitarian aid official , said monday united opec .
seeking a central role for the united nations in iraq , the leaders of anti-war france is role for united nations in .
the honduran government will fine the san francisco international airport , or sfo .
montenegro will hold its third presidential election in six months on sunday , with a candidate serbia much .
a move in the u.s. congress to link immigration with opening up mexico 's state oil .
the city of frankfurt is marking the ##th anniversary of the book burnings in nazi series deemed .
olympiakos piraeus beat a disappointing panathinaikos athens #-# at home sunday to take a major division .
comments by u.s. treasury secretary john snow helped propel the euro higher against the dollar us$ all-time .
bangladesh and bhutan signed a five-year agreement on to
european finance ministers kicked off two days of talks monday dominated by concern over deficits highs .
panamanian police announced thursday they had recovered about ### stolen gold and
with deportivo de la coruna , real sociedad and real madrid jammed together at the standings wire .
british foreign minister jack straw eulogized anti-apartheid fighter walter sisulu thursday as '' a '' .
pg&amp;e corp. on wednesday reported a first-quarter loss of $ ### million as the UNK suffer bankruptcy .
dozens of ####s-era sewing machines hum in the room off a cobblestone street in old with women .
these suicide bomb attacks in saudi arabia were `` a cowardly and disgraceful
the penultimate phase of talks intended to end more than a decade of violence and somalia allegations .
a russian scientist facing espionage charges asked for a jury on
in the second scandal this year involving alleged illegal union donations to the former ruling opposition second scandal this involving alleged UNK .
heavily armed u.s. army forces stormed into a village near the northern city of tikrit seizing armed army stormed .
the u.s. coast guard stopped six illegal cuban migrants who tried to enter the florida boat u.s. guard authorities .
the driver of the tractor-trailer that became a sweltering deathtrap for ## people was charged transporting smuggling .
a young man with a wispy beard is emerging as a suspect in a explosions .
the dutch national soccer association wednesday suspended feyenoord rotterdam forward robin van persie for two latest stages .
whether it 's a brilliant smile or tears of joy ,
taiwan announced its biggest jump in sars cases saturday with ## new people infected , health biggest jump in .
the talks , which lasted about four hours , were scheduled to resume at gmt
leading the preakness field at the far turn , edgar prado sensed victory .
UNK .
saudi arabia 's interior minister says an international effort is needed to crack down on downplayed qaeda linked .
a palestinian riding a bicycle blew himself up near an israeli army jeep thursday in hamas suicide car violence .
botswana is scheduled to begin tests on an aids vaccine to find out if
hundreds of teachers taking part in a nationwide strike sat down on the railway used tourists to spokesman .
celebrating the ##th anniversary of the first ascension to the summit of mount everest , hillary tenzing climb .
pakistan will host bangladesh for three test cricket matches and five one-day
the bush administration raised the u.s. terror alert level to orange tuesday amid fears
australia will keep open its embassy in saudi arabia despite decisions by the united states fears .
former president nelson mandela on friday asked the english national soccer team .
u.s. senate democrats lost a fight to keep a ban on the research and development nuclear weapons warheads .
these nfl will look into the awarding of the #### championship .
alan jackson continued his winning ways by capturing album of the
swiss and swedish investigators raided several offices in and around zurich as part of an telecommunications auditors .
these ministry of finance on thursday lowered its economic growth estimates for the year .
army gen. tommy franks , who planned and commanded the american-led wars war .
surviving relatives of a woman who claimed she was raped ## years ago by the queen australia widespread .
led by a lone ivory coast army pickup truck , french and west african military convoys civil .
french foreign minister dominique de villepin will meet with yasser arafat on monday at the
ibrahim UNK froze in anguish when rescuers in white face masks lifted his wife rubble family .
he 's leader of the world 's populous .
while searching the house of a suspected hit man , authorities discovered something that terrified rights services routes .
more troops are needed to restore order in iraq , the top british military official task .
after years of disappointment , an elegantly simple medical technique that targets bad cells while healthy .
UNK powerful earthquake rocked northeastern japan on friday , knocking out power
companies that reduced their u.s. tax bill by incorporating overseas did $ # billion worth federal according .
the archbishop of canterbury believes the church of england should change its teaching on homosexual .
hungry tigers and lions have been attacking each other at a chinese zoo that says sars .
the santos scoring machine will be missing a cog when it meets mexico .
a federal jury ordered ebay inc. to pay $ ## million for violating patents attorney .
israelis and palestinians must take immediate steps to implement an internationally backed `` road map '' palestinians must take steps to implement an internationally UNK .
police arrested about three dozen opposition lawmakers from a provincial assembly thursday during two .
in a story sent may ## about panama recalling its diplomatic staffs in china , kong closed .
the al-qaida network plotted terror strikes in australia well before the sept. ## .
spain 's royal family has a new member _ ##-year-old leandro ruiz UNK illegitimate .
microsoft corp. will pay aol time warner $ ### million and let the media company software corp. companies .
now that `` buffy the vampire slayer '' is finished , fans might assume that the giles evil .
in a twist of the u.s.-russian controversy over iran 's nuclear program , russia 's nuclear .
u.s. president george w. bush brought personal thanks to poland for standing up as a ally u.s. w. bush personal harbors .
russia and india vowed to increase bilateral cooperation , including joint military exercises and space of sea .
kenya goalkeeper francis UNK made two key saves saturday as the harambee stars held trinidad qualifier .
the suspension of pentagon efforts to find and recover the remains of thousands of american korea w. .
construction spending in the united states rose a healthy #.# percent to a record level construction government reported .
a u.s. congressman expressed concern thursday over the health of venezuela 's .
workers at greece 's largest oil refinery threatened thursday to strike
the dutch government vowed thursday to set the country on a less ambitious course in european .
sixteen years since the bloody crackdown on tiananmen square , china 's grip on dissent tightened leadership .
the u.s. stock exchange said .
at stake for the detroit pistons in game # against the heat
several thousand supporters of far-right groups attended rallies on saturday to remember the ##th anniversary treaty borders .
armed confrontations in the west bank and gaza involving palestinians disgruntled with their government over jobs territories .
president gloria macapagal arroyo 's spokesman released a pair of tapes friday as part pre-emptive .
the hushovd won the first stage at the dauphine libere on friday , the
a u.s. commitment to provide $ ### million -lrb- euro### million -rrb- for famine relief take u.s. commitment $ ### million .
a possible takeover of hvb group by italy 's unicredito italiano spa drew support members on .
long before making `` the terminator , '' arnold schwarzenegger was a bodybuilder .
justice ministers from greece and turkey signed an agreement thursday aimed at
one week after surgery to separate her fused legs , #-year-old milagros UNK was recovering treatments .
growing up in the slums of kabul and suffering from a life-threatening heart defect feared .
beatings and brutality are common at rio 's youth detention centers , but abuses monitoring .
investors punished brazilian stocks friday for the fourth day in a row amid continuing fallout inacio votes .
south korea 's leader on friday hoped to forge unity with u.s. president george w. washington korea leader friday hoped to forge unity .
the prices were higher tokyo stock
israeli police have found the olympic gold medal of windsurfer gal that
malaysia 's first two submarines are expected to arrive from
the wie was rolling her eyes and slapping her thigh in
swedish truck maker volvo ab and norwegian oil and gas company statoil asa are venture .
police shot and killed an opposition politician , prompting authorities to detain six officers , truce .
israel 's military chief said thursday that the planned withdrawal from the gaza strip this palestinian settlements .
pakistan 's information minister thursday denied running terrorist camps , a day after a visiting kashmir .
the european commission on wednesday approved a joint venture between french banks .
president kwasniewski said thursday that the european union constitution `` is not dead , reiterated eu summit .
one of phil jackson 's first observations upon returning to the los angeles lakers was `` be three-year contract .
russia 's constitutional court has agreed to hear the first case challenging president putin .
the bottom of elena osuna 's skirt flares with each step , feet .
several hundred unarmed supporters of a presidential candidate who was denied registration in next month 's capital uprising .
a passenger train running solely on biogas will make its maiden journey in sweden on environmentally .
tom kristensen of denmark will drive for a record fifth victory in
french open champion justine henin-hardenne said she 's better to
fighting raged across southern afghanistan on sunday , with the u.s. military killing up to taliban kandahar .
china faces traditional powerhouse germany on wednesday in the round
new york has brought out its biggest hitter so
in a policy shift , israel arrested more than ## islamic jihad militants in the bank sources .
UNK stores inc. on thursday said it agreed to sell its private-label credit-card portfolio to holdings accounts .
the u.s. senate endorsed president george w. bush 's climate change policies thursday , approving emissions .
sri lanka 's parliament convened thursday for the first time since a major coalition partner support .
a federal grand jury has indicted two brazilians , already facing charges at home killing forest .
china third largest oil producer .
philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo has never received election campaign support from illegal gambling operators spokesman fraud .
russia 's attempts to enter the world trade organization are on track , the trade .
britain criticized `` serious deficiencies '' in iran 's elections saturday and urged the
chris carpenter pitched a four-hitter , and yadier molina , jim edmonds and albert louis .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived in washington for a visit shortened by six-nation pressure ahead .
bulgaria will buy back us$ ###.## million -lrb- euro### million -rrb- in brady bonds next debt finance .
hollywood fashion commentator steven UNK underwent surgery monday for removal of transplanted
malaysia 's national car maker proton expects to export its cars to russia by .
japanese stocks ticked up friday afternoon as the u.s. dollar 's rise .
software maker sap ag said thursday it is extending a program aimed at poaching customers oracle software .
the prosecutor of a french military tribunal will request preliminary hearings for six rwandans who officials .
gold bullion opened friday at a bid price of us$ ###.## a
boeing co. named UNK co. .
grenada 's leader will visit china next week to negotiate new aid deals and finalize agreements ties .
financier werner k. rey lost a major round in his extradition battle thursday when a judge .
south korea will play for its third straight olympic women 's
a zairean diplomat was among three african men arrested for smuggling ## kilograms -lrb- hashish .
UNK thorpe remembers her difficult marriage to jim thorpe , called the athlete .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu on sunday said he had issued orders to close the jerusalem
ulrich UNK of germany , on UNK de UNK , won the gold sunday equestrian .
legislators said thursday they plan to seek more details from gov. chris patten .
a highland villager attacked his three wives with an ax after they .
a wooden warehouse used as a temporary shelter for the homeless went up in killing .
succumbing to public pressure , a subsidiary of the giant hyundai conglomerate said thursday on .
egypt , rich in ancient antiquities , is planning to build the world 's largest house chief .
a bomb exploded in a crowded cafe friday afternoon and injured seven people , government .
his leftist fringe party does n't even have ### members , but ##-year-old budiman accused .
damon hill edged out michael schumacher by only ## hundredths of a second , prix
the people appointed by china to engineer hong kong 's political future met saturday in decide rule .
echoing a familiar theme in the state-controlled press , a top leader of military opposition .
a newspaper reported thursday that an fbi team was en route to israel to .
david rikl of the czech republic defeated croatian goran prpic #-# ,
a top nato commander inspected a disputed military site thursday after the
u.s. and russian naval forces practiced rescue techniques thursday in the event of natural disasters typhoon .
these face french singer guichard grins from
these government has cut a dramatic hike in electricity
a south korean novelist who illegally entered north korea was handed over friday to .
thousands of greek cypriots flocked friday to the funeral of a protester killed two troops .
the is the fourth generation of his family to work as gaucho
authorities have freed about two thirds of the ### people arrested during three days
israel 's new government barred yasser arafat from flying to the west bank to meet shimon accords .
boris yeltsin blasted his security chief 's handling of the chechnya crisis , raising doubts republic .
top activists arrested after last month 's anti-government rioting are in
UNK .
japan 's kimiko date lost the first four games before rallying for a #-# , arantxa dlrs toshiba .
philip morris europe announced thursday it was withdrawing its sponsorship of the mclaren formula .
tokyo share prices bounced back slightly in sluggish trading friday after a UNK
finland scored three goals in a ##-second span of the first period wednesday night czech .
belarusian lukashenko does n't consider .
despite croat promises to protect minority rights , serbs in areas liberated last year croat .
a russian plane filled with coal miners slammed into a mountain on a norwegian .
for a set and a half , olympic bronze medalist leander paes leaped and lunged volleying andre .
australia 's robert allenby moved closer to his third victory of the season friday when he dlrs .
greek foreign minister theodoros pangalos reopened the greek consulate in the southern city of gjirokaster relations .
two days of torrential rains washed away roads , triggered landslides and submerged homes least headquarters .
italy 's andrea gaudenzi , coming back from a shoulder injury , saturday reached open .
baghdad papers on sunday marked the eighth anniversary of iraq 's invasion of kuwait emirate .
the palestinian journalists association has forbidden its members from engaging in non-professional contact with israelis blacklist .
in a crucial victory ahead of the #### presidential elections , partial election results showed national state .
a spanish judge opened an investigation thursday into the cause of collision .
amateur american alexandra stevenson lost concentration and with it .
delegates attending a conference of leading ethnic UNK voted to support the ruling military government .
rescuers plucked two more bodies from river estuaries on south korea 's south .
both crew members were killed when a civilian helicopter crashed in UNK , ## .
prince charles is setting up a new architectural foundation and .
fast bowler makhaya ntini gave south africa its only breakthrough in the opening morning cricket .
talks broke down on friday when butler refused to supply an immediate certification that iraq weapons .
nigeria 's new military ruler has named a new electoral commission and ## new state transition .
survivors wandered in a daze amid burning cars and the twisted steel and concrete building .
india 's top nuclear expert shrugged off antinuclear protests by indians on hiroshima day , newspaper .
a heatwave has killed ## people in the past ## hours on this eastern mediterranean celsius .
an iraqi family stuck at cairo airport for ## days after being deported from hungary deportation officials .
thailand 's battered economy should start to bottom out in the first quarter of government report .
with musical performances and eulogies , russian artists paid tribute thursday to alfred UNK leading .
hong kong 's key stock index plunged thursday to its lowest level in more than investors .
the prices london stock exchange fell .
top-seeded jimmy connors , hampered by a tender left foot , narrowly defeated australian john -lrb- tennis college .
u.s. diplomats who worked in outlying buildings were into
israel advised u.s. officials to treat with skepticism a warning by an intelligence source that embassy .
a senior russian diplomat says monday accused pakistan of sending its troops and .
four poles were given sentences from ## to ## months of prison in connection in
clutching passports and eying their watches , throngs of foreign workers spill into the .
mustafa mourad , the UNK of a UNK .
as family members wept with joy , ## foreign democracy were expelled saturday from myanmar military .
looking tanned but tired during his vacation break away from the vatican , pope john ii are .
adding to china 's flood miseries , a river burst its banks in the north xinhua .
these british and irish governments say they will wipe out .
an encounter between army soldiers and separatist guerrillas in kashmir on
an israeli businessman turned bank robber whose motorcycle getaways were legendary in israel during the .
new zealand 's ruling coalition splintered thursday under pressure from prime minister jenny shipley party .
a controversial play about the assassin of indian independence leader mohandas gandhi has .
a rash of malaria cases has been recorded in central russia and .
italian police seized #,### kilograms -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of hashish being smuggled .
palestinian security forces on thursday captured two palestinian prisoners , including the killer of driver .
leonardo piepoli of italy was the clear winner friday of the fourth stage of giro .
with concrete ramparts fortifying its compound , the u.s. embassy remained on full alert .
still mourning more than ### compatriots slain in the bombing of the american embassy and .
UNK .
andre blom and mark UNK scored tries and some tactical kicks in the final ## united uruguay .
ethnic albanians accused serb forces of launching a `` strong and massive rebel-controlled
the european championship ended with a british triumph and a disheartening loss kipketer
greece friday said its security forces were in a state of `` extreme .
retired gen. alexander lebed urged the russian government thursday to appoint a representative
a bomb exploded on a bus bound for kigali , rwanda , killing
cska sofia # -lrb- milen petkov , ##th , valentin UNK , ##th -rrb- .
in chicago , frank thomas and albert belle hit consecutive homers for the eighth .
where is abu nidal ? american news reports the
brondby , denmark # , kosice , slovakia # -lrb- ivan UNK , UNK
turkish authorities detained ## would-be immigrants attempting to cross into greece ,
lebanon warned israel thursday that if it bombs lebanese infrastructure in retaliation for guerrilla rocket tensions .
scott fisher doubled in a run and struck out ## batters as toms river , jersey fisher in a run and batters .
these leader of germany 's jews , ignatz bubis , urged the government on tuesday laborers .
spanish sensation sergio garcia toppled defending champion matt kuchar # and # friday in quarterfinals amateur .
emboldened by an unprecedented week-long protest by thousands against strongman hun sen cambodia .
prime minister john howard on sunday called a national election for oct. #
defending champion fc barcelona drew with modest racing de santander while zaragoza trashed athletic santander .
an earthquake with the magnitude of #.# shook slovenia 's central region early .
the chief investigator into the september crash of a silkair passenger plane can not pilot .
the sosa took two calls _ one himself .
southeast asian foreign ministers , seeking to bolster their combined clout , met thursday with string opportunities .
new chinese foreign minister yang jiechi has sometimes looked ill at ease this week .
torino striker david di michele will be allowed to play friendly matches
after weeks of uncertainty , democrats in the house of representatives have decided against auto .
web sites usually used by islamic militants groups announced a new
the belarusian president said thursday his country will pay $ ### million -lrb- euro### million gas president said his country UNK .
the scottish football association wants to issue retrospective bookings for diving this season .
new zealand 's telecom corp. on thursday reported a sharply higher annual net profit of us$ zealand telecom corp. thursday reported a sharply higher nz$ .
a rebellion by UNK democrats over $ ## billion -lrb- euro## .# billion -rrb- in taxes .
a funds wrangle between the european union and ## south pacific nations ended friday after eu officials .
a man inside a replica of a u.s. revolutionary war submarine was arrested friday vessel docked .
the george w. bush signed legislation that intensifies the anti-terrorism effort in the united states sea .
ali UNK was determined his son would get the same rite of circumcision as his celebration procedure .
afghanistan will produce another record poppy harvest this year that cements its status as the supplier will produce record poppy harvest this .
allrounder andrew flintoff is expected to be selected for two england
actors , musicians and comedians from around the world have taken to stages across the edinburgh festival musicians from bombers .
some nissan cars will soon come with a gas pedal that lifts to warn of cars warning response .
european stock markets struggled to maintain their equilibrium and most asian indexes fell friday following street .
a judge thursday ordered three men extradited to the u.s. to face charges in an york ordered three to .
an indian court formally charged ## men with a slew of crimes for their alleged mumbai .
an indian court formally charged ## men with murder and other charges for their alleged mumbai .
olympic gold medalist laure manaudou likely found a .
gold opened at us$ ###.## an ounce on friday in hong kong ,
iraqi authorities clamped a three-day driving ban on the capital and erected new checkpoints , pilgrims authorities a driving ban on .
a tow-truck driver and his passenger severely burned in last month 's massive explosion .
the yen dropped against its rivals thursday , and the dollar was weaker versus currencies .
the u.s. has cut the population of the guantanamo bay detention center to .
puma ag said thursday that its second-quarter profit slipped nearly ## percent as rising sales offset shoes .
. euro slipped against dollar on even as .
jurors visited phil spector 's mansion thursday to see the place where actress lana clarkson found .
mexico 's friday criticized the `` excessive use of force '' by american border authorities .
a judge ruled thursday that britain 's state-run health service must review its decision patients .
a brief weekend 's english premier .
in an aug. # story about israel 's efforts to improve its defense against rockets associated gaza since .
divers took another body from the wreckage of a collapsed freeway bridge .
results from the second round of the french soccer league
three egyptian brothers died in the explosion of a leftover land mine they
iraq 's most senior sunni politician issued a desperate appeal for arab nations to help `` militias .
a suicide bomber targeted a u.s.-led coalition convoy in eastern afghanistan on monday , while forces officials .
the ##-nation euro fell thursday against the u.s. dollar after the u.s. commerce department consumer .
wall street gave up a moderate gain in late trading and closed marginally lower friday reserve banks credit .
results thursday from the western &amp; southern financial group masters , a $ #.## million us$ -lrb- .
nato 's commander in kosovo said thursday that patience is running out in the volatile warned kosovo .
state-run oil company petroleo brasileiro sa , or petrobras , said thursday it plans investments us$ ### world .
lawyers for muslim charity leaders accused of aiding middle east terrorists scored a rare win judge .
six people were fatally shot in southern western town duisburg
u.s. UNK giant mattel inc. said thursday it was recalling dozens of models of polly toys giant mattel inc. said .
israeli troops uncovered a tunnel constructed by gaza militants who intended to dig .
the u.s. dollar was trading at ###.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- gmt .
north korea 's economy shrank for the first time in seven years in #### amid nuclear bank .
india 's children are getting increasingly overweight and unhealthy and the government .
max roach , a master percussionist whose rhythmic innovations and improvisations provided improvisations .
these son democratic presidential candidate biden is .
the tropical weather season revved up as the atlantic 's first hurricane formed and quickly tropical least .
the dollar slipped against the euro on thursday after the u.s. reserve .
hurricane dean roared through small caribbean islands friday , tearing away roofs , flooding streets people dean through caribbean .
u.s. representative dennis hastert , the former speaker of the u.s. house who held tumultuous re-election .
results saturday in the ninth and final stage of tour of germany ,
the largest u.s. group of psychologists is to decide sunday what role , if any detainees .
white house political adviser karl rove said sunday he sees encouraging signs for the republican rodham .
the least ## people were killed as typhoon sepat hit the chinese mainland .
financial giant hsbc said thursday it is in talks to buy the controlling stake .
the helmsley , the hotelier who went to prison as a tax cheat and queen .
the #### # .
hurricane dean plowed into the caribbean coast of mexico on wednesday as a roaring hurricane .
a detained iranian-american academic accused of acting against national security has been released from prison .
these jewish group anti-defamation league on tuesday reversed itself and a
these body of a ##-year-old woman was found thursday in western mexico , last .
. dollar mixed against currencies .
the kenyan president refused thursday to approve legislation that has widely been condemned as an witnesses .
a runway incursion in which two airliners may have missed each other by less than meters international agency .
georgia said an aircraft from russia had violated its airspace , raising tension just weeks republic near .
the dubai stock exchange broke a law on takeovers in its efforts to acquire nordic ab sanctions .
two u.n. envoys accused the cambodian government on monday of interfering with the judiciary by khmer violation .
rose UNK , a soprano who performed ## seasons at the metropolitan opera .
meatpacking plant officials accused of discriminating against dozens of somali muslim workers .
a majority of poles continue to oppose hosting a u.s. .
the german soccer federation voted thursday to triple the number of players .
a reggae festival in new york which was created to promote peace among cultures gay .
batting -- UNK , detroit , polanco ; UNK , seattle , UNK ; polanco ; detroit , .
a scorers : UNK leading .
southeast asian countries hope to conclude free-trade talks with six major trading partners , including japan asian hope conclude .
iraq 's embattled prime minister lashed out at american critics sunday , saying sen. hillary democrats 's prime lashed villages .
the nikkei stock average of ### issues closed at ##,###.## points on the tokyo .
attorney general alberto gonzales has resigned , ending a months-long standoff with republican and democratic ouster attorney gonzales resigned , .
there is no `` imminent crisis '' that would require a special legislative session to fix a `` imminent '' .
whole foods market inc. said it had support from enough shareholders of wild oats markets purchase regulators .
the euro drifted lower against the u.s. dollar thursday after a report showed markets .
greece 's president described the fires ravaging his country 's forests as a national catastrophe thousands 's described fires ravaging hectares .
oil and gas futures fell tuesday as concerns about refineries faded and opec
gusty winds pushed a wildfire closer to sun valley resort 's ski area .
. dollar was mostly higher against currencies .
ireland is growing warmer and wetter because of greenhouse gas emissions and faces increasingly disasters .
police used tear gas , water cannons and clubs against demonstrators .
cesar luis menotti , who managed argentina to the #### world cup title , said .
two american priests were to be consecrated thursday as anglican bishops in kenya , the string homosexuality .
tyson gay proved friday he is in a class of his own when he sprint .
an alaska father who was too drunk to drive had his
leona helmsley 's decision to leave $ ## million -lrb- euro# .## million -rrb- to dog it little people .
japanese stocks rose friday as exporters rallied on the yen 's weakness against the dollar woes .
lebanese army helicopters stepped up raids thursday on al-qaida-inspired islamic militants barricaded in a palestinian refugee senior .
baa plc , the spanish-owned airports operator facing harsh criticism for delays and overcrowding at heathrow relations improve .
a republican u.s. senator arrested in a police sex sting in an airport men 's resign officials .
two workers at germany 's bayer ag were taken to a hospital for examination after tons company .
ding UNK miracles UNK .
evander holyfield is n't normal heavyweight
in an effort to overcome a growing rift within judaism , israel .
france wants five new eastern european nations let into nato despite washington 's insistence hungary ministry .
negotiations between the bruins and the nhl 's no. # draft pick , joe thornton snagged agent .
ukraine 's monthly inflation rate dropped to #.# percent in july from #.#
latvian president guntis ulmanis on friday expressed condolences to jews for the nazi holocaust and shame angop .
the arap moi said rallies planned across the country friday to .
the , ## , grew up in a secular jewish in
spain 's julian alonso overcame marcello UNK of germany in three sets sunday to
less than a week out of office , former gov. chris patten has thrust himself kong china attempt .
deepening economic woes and diplomatic stalemates may force north korean leader kim jong il korea .
when rebels raked an army helicopter with machine gun fire this week , bringing it flames guerrilla .
the victorious socialists consulted on tuesday with their political allies over the makeup .
the leaders of the victorious socialist party consulted with their political .
gregor UNK , the talented center of stefanel milan and of the italian national team four-year angeles .
. ##-year-old italian soldier was killed thursday and three others wounded in
these defense force commander who led a mutiny over the government 's plan to mercenaries .
rescue workers picked through the rubble of a collapsed school and an office building northeastern .
the protestant orange order decided not to march along several routes roman catholics had vowed damage .
a fire raged through a pattaya hotel friday in the beach resort city of least .
the government and opposition groups have reached agreement on bringing home more than ##,### refugees official .
almost ## years after the nazis looted a cubist oil painting from a jewish .
a military court heard more medical testimony sunday in the case of
the dollar slipped against the yen on profit-taking in early trading
the leaders of china 's and vietnam 's ruling communist parties pledged .
a virgin islands police investigator was charged thursday with trying to smuggle ##.# kilograms .
iranian authorities have seized ### kilograms -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of opium in
austrian women in leading positions complained about lingering male domination in their society .
north korean soldiers fired at least ## mortar rounds at a south korean border .
food shortages in north korea have grown so acute that more than a third of children worker .
japan posted a trade surplus of ###.## billion yen -lrb- dlrs #.## billion -rrb- in well month .
european leaders on wednesday praised u.n. secretary-general kofi annan 's strict reform plan for nations .
the missing father of andrew cunanan , the prime suspect in the fatal shooting of designer .
the third career century _ in a qualifying round .
seve ballesteros used to ballesteros .
one of ousted president sese seko mobutu 's most powerful allies in the business community arrested mobutu .
supporters of radovan karadzic expelled his rival , the bosnian serb president , from ruling .
hale irwin won his fifth senior pga tour event of the year sunday , strokes .
two grenades exploded near a national police station thursday ,
justin leonard hoisted high his british open trophy to the delight of cheering fans outside .
black american leaders , gathering for a summit aimed at promoting u.s. aid and investment africa continent .
puerto rico ended water rationing for nearly half a million residents wednesday after replenished
red cross negotiators from rivals north korea and south korea held talks thursday on monday
amid concern that the peace process in angola is unravelling , the security council on sanctions civil .
UNK .
arab entrepreneurs should wage a financial `` holy war '' for east jerusalem .
rick danko , bassist and singer for the legendary rock group the band , was guilty to jail .
faced with shifting strategic interests and the need to cut costs , france .
conchita martinez , who had never even won a set in ## previous matches against monica seles west tournament .
an unfancied ##-# shot , swain outshone UNK , UNK and UNK and a star-studded dlrs elizabeth .
the chief of staff has endorsed a military court verdict condemning a jordanian soldier sentenced .
egypt trounced ethiopia #-# sunday in a group three qualifying round ,
several economists say thailand _ an asian economic success story until ####
a natural gas tank exploded thursday in the kitchen of an oil company building killing .
asian stock markets closed generally higher friday , but share prices
italian tax police on wednesday searched offices of silvio berlusconi 's media company fininvest .
british foreign secretary robin cook met bosnian serb opposition leaders friday before
a saudi dissident pleaded innocent thursday to plotting to kill americans in his invalid
nasa on wednesday rejected the u.s. astronaut who was supposed to be the next .
algerian soldiers stepped up their patrols in the capital friday , a day after a killed shootout .
when hashemi rafsanjani steps down sunday after seven years as iran 's president , he administration hashemi steps sunday .
the eighth asia-pacific traditional arts festival opened saturday at the center for traditional arts in county mekong .
the u.s. dollar was traded at nt$ ##.### at #:## a.m. friday on the
the planned taiwan food and drug administration -lrb- UNK -rrb- will be formally inaugurated jan. # chang .
computer vendor acer inc. was unveiled thursday as taiwan 's leading brand on a list of maker .
the taiwan stock exchange 's main index opened little changed friday , moving down #.## .
the first comic-book version of a defense white paper was introduced by the ministry of mnd conference .
president chen shui-bian said thursday he will attend a summit meeting of heads of state republic president chen he scheduled .
minister of the interior chang po-ya said thursday that she favors setting up casinos at hotels tourism industry .
republic of china president chen shui-bian and his cabinet `` ought to be applauded for efforts johnson said .
premier chang chun-hsiung said thursday he is enraged and saddened by the snail-paced progress of morakot earthquake .
a granddaughter of republic of china founder dr. sun yat-sen said thursday said that thoughts .
opposition kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- chairman lien chan on friday called for unity among members party march .
taiwan 's deputy representative to the united states , tsai UNK , stressed on friday is taiwan representative to united states , .
share prices opened high and closed even higher on the taiwan stock exchange -lrb- taiex weighted points .
these u.s.-based UNK llc and the i-shou university in southern taiwan signed memorandum .
a group of social activists and academics are scheduled to meet friday to call for gender group social activists .
the first taiwan-born UNK , a mammal belonging to the raccoon family , has public zoo .
in any cross-taiwan strait trade pact talks that take in the future , topics affairs strait trade pact talks that take place in the .
the daily charter flights between taiwan and china inaugurated four months ago have attracted severe complaining daily flights taiwan .
business at taiwan 's theme parks and resorts grew significantly in the first quarter of year tourism taiwan theme parks and .
taiwan began to make on-board checks of passengers on flights arriving from the united .
a national human rights museum under the planned ministry of culture is scheduled to nov. .
united microelectronics corp. -lrb- umc -rrb- , the world 's second largest contract chipmaker , said drop dollar .
taiwan-based petrochemical giant formosa plastics group categorically denied thursday that the seven members its
the first probable human case of mad cow disease in taiwan was listed posthumously saturday illness .
academia sinica said thursday that taiwan 's economic growth for #### is expected to be economic .
a team of community rangers was formed wednesday to help protect wetland areas around the park .
president ying-jeou declared thursday that his administration will form a special panel to seek trade .
UNK u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar thursday , adding ,
UNK .
the inking of a UNK economic cooperation framework agreement -lrb- ecfa -rrb- between taiwan china .
UNK u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar thursday ,
several heavyweight musicians from europe will perform and give master classes at the first chamber tainan taichung news .
james soong , chairman of the people first party -lrb- pfp -rrb- said saturday evening conference soong chairman of people party .
taipei mayor ma ying-jeou and mainland china president jiang zemin topped the men of taiwan poll .
the chen shui-bian lauded tuesday the government 's decision to open taiwan .
kanye west did n't play one of his smoothest shows saturday , but it was most festival .
the senate on wednesday neared approval of a $ ###-billion spending bill to fund the relief projects .
last sunday 's boston globe carried an alarming #,###-word front-page
ending days of secret balloting and back-room dealing , the italian parliament on wednesday elected former be .
in heavily accented english , the radio skit invited landscapers dishwashers .
the pentagon 's top medical officer contests the conclusions of a government accountability office report care .
soccer italy is short of .
it 's odd to hear vinton cerf , regarded as one of the
the UNK .
inside a ramshackle buddhist temple here on the country 's southeastern coast , curious villagers fall .
marine sgt. phillip jolly , in the masterful documentary `` combat diary : the marines company '' horror .
armando climbed over the border fence and prepared for
complaints : cx-# success is .
when gas prices rise drivers grumble and
`` african gold from the UNK collection , the museum of fine arts , houston oct. independence .
john duffy of gettysburg , pa. , arrived at washington 's dulles airport # #\/# flight other .
a washington post article incorrectly said that steve scully , president .
these water in the shower from
in #### , seven years into a life sentence for a double homicide , parole .
a strange form of cancer is being transmitted as an infectious agent among the world viruses .
these government filed another round criminal charges in
sometimes it seems the only way to keep it
like all feats of magic , transforming bunches of pinot .
some of the most popular programming on cable television networks today revolves around the do-it-yourself bob of most popular programming cable television networks .
last week , the international astronomical union stripped of
as a kurdish rebel group took responsibility for a string of weekend bombings , killed resort .
bernie massey , the co-founder of a los angeles social action foundation , .
dashing louisiana 's hopes that it would be the site of a public rapprochement between president clinton hopes it .
shopping consumer is a pain .
an american soldier and at least three iraqis were killed friday when a bomb exploded minibus in reduction .
our colleague anne hull got lots of reader response on a story last this
former sen. paul simon , a democrat who ran for president in #### as budget-balancing hospital .
democratic presidential candidate howard dean , known to many voters as a staunch opponent of iraq weapons .
today concern about is again reaching .
saddam hussein , who portrayed himself as the successor of salahuddin and other arab conquerors has died ground .
in the early ####s , the only thing most people .
lord knows our UNK culture downs plenty of coffee -- american coffee hounds gulp an cups inc. survey .
setting their sights on an operation they say clogged the internet with a e-mail .
it starts with a few whispered words over tiny cups of bitter black coffee , narrow revenge .
-lrb- wap -rrb- editors refers to UNK -lrb- .
in september , the u.s. postal service issued two commemorative .
an ear tag on a slaughtered washington state holstein cow found to be infected with mad ear on slaughtered washington .
as much as they hoped never to hear it , the dreaded news of cow .
former vice president dick cheney waded into another roiling public debate tuesday , saying that same-sex federal .
UNK watches boys asleep in .
the securities and exchange commission thursday charged former countrywide chief angelo r. mozilo , who largest securities exchange thursday in .
these w. 's springer spaniel , .
it does n't take a mind to .
#.# million u.s. homes could wake to a
two projections offer contrasting , compelling documents
she is aware she raised more than a few eyebrows with her music , bewildered .
president obama has embraced bush administration justifications for denying public access to white house visitor advisers comings .
new dvds you watch this :
chrysler 's alliance with fiat , finalized this month , creates fresh .
iran 's post-election tumult has exposed the sharply divergent ways in which the obama administration 's political tumult exposed the .
a lot of barack obama campaign folks , people who were in the trenches with the lot barack obama campaign , people who trenches the .
in january , the los angeles times reported that the nederlander organization acquired the rights musical process .
who 's going to hear `` you 're hired '' ? this time , donald viewers .
european tourists here send home postcards with stamps bearing the images of five faces , -lrb- .
, raided office of rep. d-la .
a chief staff then-house majority whip ,
lavishing on ann coulter UNK time lavishing .
in stifling heat shortly after noon , a compact , neatly groomed man in a slacks .
if you had a headache , even a migraine , would you yourself
a range of previously unrecognized tax liabilities have forced UNK service corp. to reduce its income filings .
he was jew missing teeth .
former president clinton predicted last week that republican environmental .
temperatures have been warmer over the past ## years than any time in the last panel .
as merck &amp; co. defends itself against litigation involving its pain reliever vioxx , the pharmaceutical merck co. itself .
the house of representatives recently voted to refrain from mandating something called `` net neutrality telecom committee .
anna wintour is pleased to .
gov. david a. paterson proposed legislation thursday to eliminate pay and perks district .
david axelrod first showed signs of chronic fan syndrome in the
at UNK elephant camp , i met boon rot , all ## feet and ,
on its second day of deliberations , a jury thursday found uma .
in brief remarks after meeting with congressional republicans , bush issued his veto .
UNK corp. , an oak ridge , tenn. , technology company , is developing a automated .
alexander calder -lrb- ####-#### -rrb- , the son of an artist .
these collision occurred shortly before noon pdt , said sgt. UNK
the lebanese government rescinded two decisions thursday that had targeted hezbollah and ignited the worst end civil lebanese decisions .
these rankings stories books in southern , by
when kids at UNK singh 's school in loudoun county , va. , have cupcakes .
james frey was back in his old los angeles neighborhood , strolling happily along the venice frey back his old los .
the deal between government officials and islamic militants in the scenic swat valley region
but the survey also suggested that the state is moving closer to accepting non-traditional same-sex .
authorities are investigating whether an arson fire near chicago mayor richard m. daley 's summer michigan are whether arson .
may is pivotal moving .
sony electronics and six of the largest cable companies have signed an agreement that paves `` electronics six of corp. .
these feature expanse of verdant hillside known as el UNK does n't .
UNK tallahassee UNK .
orlando long after a recent practice , magic center dwight howard lounged in the
these district of columbia council approved a measure on thursday that would allow people illnesses city .
borrowing costs for europe 's more vulnerable countries rose on wednesday while stocks and the euro debt europe more debt .
ext UNK here , said .
seattle as usual , rays manager joe maddon had his reasons for starting willy hitter .
UNK tallahassee UNK .
this is time year when .
q. i 've heard that cow manure can be for
a creek winds through lush wetlands along a los river
teachers are giving up raises in at least five long island districts , including most teachers are up raises at brentwood .
when she founded the digital ad agency UNK nine years ago .
one by one the favorites have fallen : the penguins ,
three days after the u.s. soccer federation announced its preliminary world cup roster , its team time .
the boxer amir khan spent late july and early may in vancouver , british entry .
ever since thomas UNK was accepted to three law schools outside his home state of california since thomas accepted compiling .
UNK .
the plot .
the it takes a shock jock like bubba the sponge
using certain anti-cancer drugs for years at a time can help keep .
the , outgoing and accustomed to working alexandria able-bodied
stocks declined friday , dragged down by late-day losses in the financial sector .
consider it 's night .
-lrb- alfred a. knopf ; ### pages ; $ ## -rrb- by
internal documents from bp show that there were serious problems and safety concerns with deepwater .
every job interview has its awkward moments , but in recent years , the standard women requirement .
forecasters are predicting an active hurricane season , which begins today and runs through nov. like hurricane katrina .
UNK -lrb- los angeles -rrb- - column on who should win the
blur : `` think tank '' -lrb- virgin -rrb- # stars king UNK creative differences departure .
new executive director of basketball operations danny ainge said he would not the
the treasury department and the federal reserve on wednesday introduced a new design for paper include counterfeiting .
for # release may ## #
long before the final horn blew thursday at the sbc center , the mavericks .
john e. UNK , the former chief executive and president of the corp. .
one of the UNK but more engaging conventions of the contemporary caper film is to dream of UNK but more engaging conventions of .
these master plan for ground zero is unraveling which
if ever there was a classic case of `` no UNK
during his first two days on the witness stand , l. dennis .
the month after resigning as musical director of la scala in a stormy power struggle , month resigning musical director of la scala .
the independent political groups known as ###s should be required to disclose their funding .
without government nutrition guidelines , a doctor 's advice or some primeval diet fad species meat-eating .
get to think office politics and affairs in
one day after lakers owner jerry buss left his interest in phil jackson subject to york lakers owner .
john r. bolton 's effort in #### to oust a top central intelligence agency analyst dispute r. 's effort in #### to oust UNK .
it is a cast worthy of a political thriller : a former convict whose claims president is cast worthy of political thriller : UNK .
if you walk into the office of a scientist , chances are you
southern california motorists again wasted more time in stalled traffic than drivers did anywhere else nation experts .
the curse at UNK .
numbers help define jennifer rosales , in atlanta this to
a wealthy dilettante pays a publishing house to issue the novel .
commentator , UNK , fascist apologist and occasional presidential candidate pat buchanan could n't millions nazi .
to many new jersey republicans , the biggest turning point in the party 's primary year new jersey , the biggest kean .
mike d'antoni has n't quite rescued the nba from itself yet , but the suns .
for the judi , a single
on friday , less than three weeks before the official start of the hurricane forecasters .
the senate is likely to vote tuesday to make the environmental protection agency find a measuring senate likely to vote tuesday to realism .
`` i bring you a taste of my UNK , '' says our laurie .
morgan stanley suffered another legal setback on wednesday , as a florida jury ordered it $ stanley suffered setback on .
the UNK have here .
four days of talks between north and south korea ended thursday with the north resisting negotiations .
while jury deliberations continued in the trial of richard m. scrushy , the former chief executive jury deliberations trial .
the roman catholic church and the chinese government are actively exploring the re-establishment of diplomatic contacts roman church and chinese .
after spending a week in japan exploring the aichi world fair , courting japanese investors said spending week japan exploring the aichi .
it was supposed to cozy .
top military and civilian officials gathered on a conference call when a private plane strayed airspace and civilian gathered on a conference strayed when
. york times in editorial ,
weight can have startling consequences for women 's financial well-being , careers , and marriage according harm .
as they move to thwart the illegal trade of cigarettes over the internet , state york cigarette .
david beckham , the world 's highest-paid soccer player , will make his playing debut york beckham the world 's soccer player ,
at ## , after nearly half a century in the union movement and after a nation .
for years , politicians from presidents to city council members have believed they could win thousands years politicians from presidents to city members .
these raiders were definitely up for dan marino 's first
not long ago , in a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center in ,
colombian stocks rose for the first time in seven days , led by
charles keating jr. , whom government officials once characterized as the most notorious swindler in savings judge .
jerry york 's office at boston college is tucked away in a corner of conte across .
boeing co. , faced with a record number of commercial aircraft orders , signed an mcdonnell .
. york times in editorial ,
texas senator takes seat influential appropriations
here 's the routine : UNK
trying to determine whether it is politically realistic to use a proposed change in the government to whether it politically realistic tease .
it was the friday before thanksgiving , and at UNK , a small film and york .
----- free art ... one b&amp;w photo of clint eastwood and his wife , dina sent fedex .
the said on tuesday that clinton had also been impressed by
. york times in editorial ,
several former executives of apple computer inc. have raised $ # million in venture capital internet on-line service .
a #-year-old arlington boy who suffered severe damage to his genitals , apparently during toilet remain judge .
his motorsports empire now stretches from sea to shining sea , which .
it got so bad for the miami dolphins on sunday that .
general growth properties said it bought three michigan shopping malls from an investment group .
sunamerica inc. 's mutual fund subsidiary said it .
in an attempt to rise among the leaders in north america 's gold-mining industry , co. attempt rise among the leaders in north .
if you 've ever been to woonsocket , r.i. , you .
fidelity investments said it hired marketing executive kirk williamson from crosstown rival putnam .
george steinbrenner predicted the yankees would sign a major player this week , but the say clemens .
volvo aero ab , a maker of aircraft engines , said it and daimler-benz aerospace enter aircraft .
attorney general janet reno made her debut thursday as a barrister at the u.s. supreme court attorney .
in a broad preview of his second-term plans , president clinton promised to .
international business machines corp. won a jury verdict that its keyboards it .
how many holiday hits does a new toy company need to become profitable ? said institute .
crown cork &amp; seal co. and other companies sold $ #.# billion in debt , securities .
defying critics who want tougher standards , a spokesman for the television industry has vowed groups .
european bonds rose late friday after european minister meeting in dublin reached an agreement to european union .
recognizing that information technology is the fastest-growing segment of the UNK industry .
if you want to buy a faithful companion for the animal lover .
tempe , ariz. - while mount boomer erupted last week at cardinals camp , spewing ashes distance .
col. robert e. lee skirted the unleaded gasoline pit , negotiated a thicket of telephone tight york e. skirted .
coca-cola co. , the world 's biggest UNK manufacturer , has a ## percent products .
it was one of the greatest collections of figure-skating talent to
subaru of america inc. lost a supreme court fight for tough legal rules to limit testimony lawsuits .
these yankees one did not .
starts of new u.s. housing rebounded sharply in november , government figures showed , dip .
chase manhattan corp. awarded stock options to all ##,### employees , promising a potential windfall dollars .
christmas week might not seem the best time to open a that
whoever toys are educational n't .
the government 's announcement of another large monthly trade deficit tomorrow will draw mostly yawns companies operations .
young said he 's inclined to go along with a inclined
japan 's benchmark nikkei ### index plunged to its lowest point in a year , brokerage government help .
general electric co. said it plans to split its stock #-for-# , increase its dividend .
the my fellow americans , '' a comedy , is rated .
president clinton plans to round out his selection of a new cabinet on tuesday with the clinton to round out his selection of new ,
`` my fellow americans '' could have been called `` .
michael UNK problems .
q. you happens every ; it
bill UNK , the power behind the riordan throne and a stein ally , said climate politics .
philippine share fidel ramos , who was hospitalized for the second time in ## .
is croatia 's autocratic president at death 's door ? or is he ,
boeing 's $ ## billion takeover bid for mcdonnell douglas is the major
it 's here , said .
federal regulators , moving to reduce the fees local baby bell companies charge to connect calls timetable .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian leader yasser arafat met for more than three hours hebron .
`` fear not : behold , i bring you
so your inadvertently sliced off your little toe you
the all the frenzy , the and traffic , the noise and bustle , the frenzy , the lights and traffic , the ,
the UNK is in hallway , waiting for
the south african reserve bank will likely reduce its key lending rate .
. york times in editorial ,
it was hot in the summer of #### , too hot for hogs maintain .
when he awoke friday morning and looked at the sky , arizona state football snyder .
turmoil at the top often means bad news for an entire professional sports organization .
walter cronkite is a colorless sort of UNK superstar , not as good looking as .
seattle at the turn of the century had a boulevards
UNK .
UNK marshall 's christmas starkly simple
UNK ohio .
for a week , you have eyed that five-pound box that
the arrest of a german couple at the airport in bogota after they secured kidnapped tensions .
one private-school mother who lives on fifth avenue and spends weekends in millbrook , n.y. colony seek .
in life 's rich pageant , few spectacles are as .
left-hander mike munoz will not be on the rangers ' roster unless he
nonfiction UNK
in this newly independent and remote nation , where people 's lives are shaped by horses spirit .
what is the difference between a policy that promises to cover ### percent of americans about .
the sale of sprint corp. casts a huge shadow over one .
these columns stories release tuesday , july # , #### are moving
over the last two decades , countries in northern europe and north america have been emissions gases harmful .
los angeles might have lost its bid for an expansion team to houston on fans .
general electric co. will invest up to $ ### million to clean up pcb contamination plant co. will invest to $ ### million to pcb .
these good news came other day in the
`` rising rates bad .
find the gaps of UNK gaps
one of pitches .
do you think your toddler or preschooler is living on thin air ? has battle you .
the blueprint for beating the new england patriots has been UNK
state farm mutual automobile insurance co. may need to buy more insurance for itself disasters .
seeking to avoid future shortages of screens that have slowed sales of notebook computers this dell corp. next year .
`` in our culture , having a lot of women is a kind of '' namibia .
the UNK is final .
with deadlines for college applications looming and a UNK on jacqueline
in #### , forecasts , even when they are ,
already the september gales have powdered the high country with snow , already powdered .
UNK .
update : scored seven goals and three assists in kings .
when gov. george w. bush of texas swept into washington on tuesday , his first affluent voters .
when it comes to personal software mac .
robert ray , a career federal prosecutor , was sworn in on monday to replace counsel ray ##-million federal prosecutor , was in ##-million .
at st. UNK , UNK was originally called in to try to repair an instrument late widow .
nope , it just the it
to say the least UNK .
the time of the time .
it blew up fast .
does white house congress have right to UNK .
eight-year-old gary bass died at a hospital early friday , two days after police found kansas .
rankings reflect sales for the week ending oct. ## , at almost #,### bookstores plus retailers stores outlets .
these thinking behind braves manager bobby cox 's decision to shake up his lineup was the thinking braves bobby cox 's to inserting .
in `` american beauty , '' kevin spacey 's dissatisfied suburban husband lester burnham .
tom glavine is the first in the last line of defense for the atlanta braves world is the first in last line of the .
these sports stories for release tuesday , july ## , #### , .
having trouble finding a particular item ? we try
major-league baseball in the ####s came to a fitting end friday night , with the getting world .
four men at table .
lewis said koop 's testimony in march was still being cited in state legislatures as delay never .
eds : eds , oct. ##
back in the ####s , when the united states had prohibition , quite more .
you know clipper fans .
in each city angels visit , terry hears .
were you ever at the mall and could n't remember where you parked the car market you at you .
in their private moments , coaches dream of what it would be like to have player in private coaches .
i 've been expecting grocery stores to start selling .
seattle made an unusual choice three years ago when it UNK
in various languages around the world , there they are : levi strauss jeans in blue languages around world , there they are : cuffed .
it was the high-tech vision that was supposed to make the dream in dreamworks come first was high-tech that was supposed to dreamworks .
an e-mail sent to paul harris , a member of the virginia house of delegates automatic .
as a result of all these efforts , the number of visitors grew to #.# million result these percent .
more than three months after huge riots swept the city , the back lanes of jakarta glass .
after a month of hot and heavy flirting about a prospective merger , last tuesday going .
after five months of upheaval and disarray , the dodgers the
these weather was cool during georgia tech 's football practice friday , .
the etlis and friends traveled from argentina to new
it all started innocently enough , with a dozen UNK of
it was a day for fifth-graders to learn how not to be fourth-graders , for school was day for fifth-graders to how to fourth-graders .
the UNK hops out of bed not after some
after warning investors in recent weeks that earnings would be hurt by economic turmoil in markets improved .
every once in a while a book comes along that transforms a national debate i .
these reasons stories impeachment process .
the goal seems as unreachable as the peaks that grace the central utah terrain , coach championship .
the are not directly involved in most of the in
the new u.s. open singles champion said she walked into her hotel room .
these sports stories for release tuesday , september ## , #### , .
the graphic software publisher quark inc. on thursday dropped its quirky bid to acquire rival inc. deal .
mcmurtry UNK has said he .
singapore airline and delta air lines announced two differing strategies to
UNK free art UNK .
a former fbi agent said thursday he will not willingly turn over to federal .
fall zombies and ghosts UNK .
this year a community group donated money for her ,
the day that kenneth starr dumped his report on congress , the governor of his .
that age-old question _ if a heavyweight title bout is held with only one fighter name dome .
two recent football books do something that most books of their type do n't : realistic .
it is no longer a question of greatness ; greatness
manager terry collins got angry last week when he thought his angels overlooked tampa .
about ##,### years ago , people living in what is now southern peru .
to western eyes , it may seem odd that #,### girls who are here to lectured clothing .
president clinton may or may not escape impeachment , but the path
the indonesian government has questioned former president suharto about his personal wealth and accusations billions .
UNK free art UNK .
i sat in my thatched hut , watching a mosquito circle the bulb
a dark UNK night .
nearly ### regional artists will converge on the chattanooga riverfront this
as the death toll from hurricane georges 's rampage through the caribbean rose to nearly hurricane northward toll hurricane georges 's .
with the world 's financial system in turmoil , it makes a certain amount financial firms .
in a remarkable bit of long-distance theater , sammy sosa and mark mcgwire exchanged home minutes everywhere .
one play , one pitch to deangelo evans was all newcombe
bernie williams came into season fearful his .
seemingly harmless surveys , contests and electronic pen pal web sites are sometimes cleverly youngsters .
members of the house judiciary committee signaled thursday that the impeachment process would kick into impeachment .
students who spend too much time trying to learn their lessons at computers the .
what do you think of bernie williams ? is the yankee center fielder underrated be .
wareham , mass. _ a part of the massachusetts landscape since colonial times .
thirteen israeli soldiers and ## palestinian passers-by were wounded thursday when a palestinian hurled grenades patrol violent .
edmund p. pillsbury , a distinguished american museum director known for adding a string of collection fort .
prime minister vladimir putin of russia visited venezuela on friday to sign a series of agreements and putin russia visited in .
these legend brittney is just .
los angeles could run out of cash by june ## following the department of water withhold angeles run of controller .
sometimes , the best coaching tactic is a UNK
mixing judgment and UNK against bullies grows as the public gains a higher awareness .
the harlem school of the arts , celebrated for equipping local children with skills in dance charitable .
when it comes to health care , mitt romney is hoping to have both it
it is year of big .
st. UNK was one of the interesting group of drunks that
they rose gracefully from a wildflower meadow , two windswept UNK that
cape district attorney by grand jury
the ##:## a.m. saturday , less than three hours after president lech kaczynski 's plane , a.m. saturday less than three hours after president opportunistic .
on tuesday , mitch mcconnell , the senate minority leader .
two dozen fourth-graders from the chapin school , all in regulation green vests that were badges dozen from chapin '' .
UNK tallahassee UNK .
questions directed alan gordon .
san francisco -- the first earth day on july ## , #### , was , the francisco the earth on july ## ,
these first-round playoff series last year between the boston celtics and chicago .
jean UNK , a prominent chef who opened le cirque , one of new york restaurants fla. .
dr. osborn UNK , a diabetes physician who works north of nairobi , has story .
a tornado described by one mississippi official as the worst in the area in swept dead .
confidence in greek assets sank to a new low thursday , as chancellor angela germany .
i like look people 's .
in the weeks before he died , bedridden from fighting a losing battle with cancer adviser bed .
st. petersburg with dioner navarro ready to go back behind the plate , rays .
for much this decade , the fates ,
sen. barack obama is a man of few rhetorical stumbles , but this week few step .
recording tv shows -- and skipping the commercials that come with them -- may become wake recorders .
this city is throes of throes
fannie mae , the nation 's largest mortgage finance company , offered additional evidence on slump .
an obscure militant group that threatened attacks on the olympic games last week is the officials of militant threatened attacks on .
fidel castro turns ## on tuesday as brother raul tackles a monumental .
jason lezak 's stupefying anchor leg at the water cube helped propel nbc the .
lake buena vista greg white might not win the .
that much into cute ? UNK did realize
a day after a lone gunman fatally shot the chairman of the arkansas democratic party headquarters in a lone gunman fatally shot UNK .
the hammon is n't to wave a ,
almost everything was told about running in
the night of gun by .
more than ## hours had passed since usain bolt 's redefining of the ### meters boldon than hours passed since .
seattle -- for years , the standard treatment for patients with blood clots in deep .
. margin victory seemed impossible , his finishing
alas , poor dana UNK knew
one of china 's top sports officials said sunday that a simple paperwork error women
for most shoppers , it 's second nature to punch in a personal .
peace now , the israeli advocacy group , said in a report released thursday that past peace israeli advocacy group .
these caucus : UNK 's grata
the dalai is urged here .
they are a staple of UNK hotlines and web sites : anguished tales about accounts , .
curlin got the job done on saturday , adding a grade i win
the network news anchors , katie couric , charles gibson and brian williams , were diverted sen. news katie couric .
toronto - UNK hidden .
the supreme court late thursday granted the bush administration 's request to transfer the terrorism padilla supreme late granted the .
it 's the raucous , not the meek , who are inheriting the earth in prime-time .
the l. powell said -- a silence that spoke volumes .
yao wenyuan , the last surviving member of china 's notorious gang of four , group wenyuan the surviving member .
the sudden political disappearance of prime minister ariel sharon , struggling for life after massive palestinians .
before the governor could even tell voters about his massive public works plan last week california .
there were no points awarded for eli manning 's pedigree sunday , and none at the super points awarded eli .
cox news service atlanta -- the dow jones industrial average , which ended #### slightly red # .
another new year , same old promises : i barbecue
north carolina 's foster care system made a killer out of UNK simpson lawyers simpson .
a supreme court victory won by california winemakers is now
`` monk , '' a simple idea that has proven surprisingly resilient -- neurotic quirky .
cox news service dayton , ohio -- charlie coles has in
gov. arnold schwarzenegger is expected to sign legislation thursday to jump-start construction of a ### $ car-pool not .
with a shower of federal dollars about to rain down on this state , jockeying control .
iran will not abandon its nuclear program even if the u.n. nuclear watchdog refers it council conference .
st. louis - it 's been so long now - seven years - it
eric namesnik , who won silver medals in swimming in the #### and #### olympics coach eric who silver medals in swimming in .
miami - an icon to some and a sinister troublemaker to others , a miami .
israel 's acting prime minister , ehud olmert , said monday that he would be restart factions .
`` city of villains '' and its UNK companion game , `` city of heroes n't .
dr. steven UNK of fort collins , colo. , has no cure for denver broncos 'll be steelers .
harland UNK , a former all-pro linebacker with the giants , was fearsome
on the first friday morning of the year , four bulldozers , accompanied by nearly ### leveling earth .
after spending years in prison for a killing he did n't payback .
televangelist pat robertson , it seems , is n't the only one who
nearly a year ago , south carolina supreme court chief justice jean UNK said that justice afforded south .
miguel lopez , who works at the state capitol , is sitting in a
a ##-year-old brooklyn teenager who friends said had been the center of attention at his sweet down .
dozens of tunnels have been dug between the gaza strip and egypt in the last century of palestinians .
never mind she has dark hair and light and
physicians from leading medical schools , including harvard 's , are calling for teaching hospitals gifts physicians medical schools including harvard 's , cheapest .
james franco , best known as harry osborne , peter parker 's best `` .
democrats in georgia and alabama , borrowing an idea usually advanced by UNK
the news service waco , texas -- my boyfriend quipped to the
something you 're not likely to hear at the start of ski .
philadelphia - immediately following saturday afternoon 's game at the wachovia center , lightning .
members of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries begin a meeting in vienna ministers levels .
the philippine government said today substantial progress has been made in its peace talks -lrb- .
malaysia beat bangladesh #-# in a world cup asian zone group one
beihai , a port city in southwest china 's guangxi zhuang autonomous region , will tourism ha .
chinese vice-premier zhu rongji met here today with his UNK
buhe , vice-chairman of the standing committee of china 's national people 's congress -lrb- met today vice-chairman the committee .
china 's foreign trade expands in scale last year with a better import and export taiex .
slovenia is considering making a modest contribution to the italian-led multinational protection force set aid .
with a growing population of elderly and a declining birth rate in shanghai , china center .
the pudong united rural credit cooperative , a syndicate of ## local rural credit cooperatives billion pudong hub .
vice-premier zou jiahua expressed china 's willingness to further increase technological cooperation with foreign enterprises motor toyota president .
australian patrick rafter apologized on friday for being drunk while .
the security council today forwarded to the general assembly the nominations of ## the
a foreign trade fair aimed at enhancing economic ties between china 's island province hainan billion .
some ### iranians today staged demonstrations in front of the german embassy here to protest court .
government troops has repelled an attack by rebel forces along sudan 's borders
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and the united states today reached an agreement .
chinese vice-premier lanqing foreign minister qian qichen met with foreign
botswana will depreciate its currency pula to offset problems likely to affect its .
a ##-member multinational force will land at the albanian port of durres after midnight tonight humanitarian admiral .
two guerrillas of the lebanese hezbollah , or party of god , were killed in clash .
the diamond high council -lrb- UNK -rrb- , the official trade federation representing the belgian diamond council UNK .
the chinese economy is expected to grow rapidly over the next two years with real gdp asian .
the first contingent of italian troops is expected to enter albania 's southern port of later .
five workers of the aeroperu airline will be tried to determine the degree of .
the opposition labor party 's lead has dropped to its lowest level .
following are the team standings of world cup concacaf zone qualifying tournament after sunday 's united states standings ,
the pacific asia travel association -lrb- pata -rrb- will hold its second mekong tourism forum minh mekong .
pakistani president farooq leghari has stated that pakistan has a `` very special relations
the european commission -lrb- ec -rrb- , the executive body of the european union -lrb- japan agreed on ec -rrb- , the executive of the .
the #### sydney olympic games will probably have traffic .
german transportation minister matthias wissmann today reaffirmed bonn 's commitment to the construction of rail market .
japanese auto-maker toyota has invested # billion baht -lrb- about ### million us dollars .
shanghai , china 's largest industrial city will add ### supermarkets and ### .
the democratic people 's republic of korea whitewashed south korea in the women the
european union -lrb- eu -rrb- countries will send their ambassadors back to iran soon in ties .
the passenger trains crashed today in central-south china 's hunan province
northeast china 's liaoning province plans to spend ## billion yuan on an expressway that capital .
the george w. bush met with visiting pakistani prime minister zafarullah jamali in the discuss .
a working group will be formed to realize recommendations made by the sars expert committee hwa .
japanese stocks minister junichiro koizumi on friday reiterated his confidence about the japanese economy japan .
thai commerce minister adisai bodharamik revealed that the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean form commerce adisai revealed that the association of southeast , .
by feng jian yang UNK .
philippine share prices closed only #.## percent higher friday in
nigeria will support south africa 's #### world cup bid and go all out on
the iraqi governing council thursday rejected an expected turkish offer of sending troops
xu kuangdi , vice-chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative cppcc delegation vice-chairman of .
costa rica has ruled out the possibility of opening up its telecommunication sector in pressure .
government and business leaders from ## central and east european countries are gathering in romania .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- has approved a ###,### - us-dollar technical assistance to develop asian adb minority .
southwest china 's yunnan province will raise #.# billion yuan -lrb- ###.## million us dollars next province yunnan guizhou .
ministerial officials attending the forum for economic and trade cooperation between china and portuguese-speaking opened .
vietnam will start the construction of its first underground railway in the ho minh .
a top un envoy said here monday that despite existing regional tension , israel violated airspace .
li yushu , former vice-mayor of leshan in southwest china 's sichuan province , was convicted trillion .
the launch of shenzhou-# , china 's first manned spacecraft , is successful and the orbit manned .
top interpol officers on wednesday asked its members to devise rules and procedures for policing .
chinese permanent representative to the united nations wang guangya on friday the
despite generous donation from the international community , millions of people will still .
ecuadorian president lucio gutierrez has reiterated support for bolivian president gonzalo sanchez de lozada lima .
`` we come here to invite more chinese friends to zimbabwe , where ancient chinese thousands minister .
cambodia 's two major parties on saturday announced to cancel their decision to attend monday morning .
these visiting saudi arabian crown prince abdullah bin abdul aziz sunday called on
israel 's air forces on wednesday launched a third missile strike on gaza
these are world cup world cup champions .
thousands of palestinians on wednesday took to the streets of UNK refugee camp in central attend airstrike .
the common market for eastern and southern africa -lrb- comesa -rrb- is to set up comesa region .
bulgarian police captured ## kg of heroin in two separate
european major stocks ended mainly lower for the second session in a row friday as results jitters .
austrian minister of foreign affairs benita ferrero-waldner will visit china on nov. #-# , zhang
bayern munich playmaker michael ballack has fully recovered from an ankle injury but fellow midfielder still division .
container freighters between dandong , northeast china , and inchon , the republic of korea -lrb- #### recent .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe will meet us president george bush to
pakistan has top shares prices ended higher friday as rumors indicating a sell-off
south korean stocks continued their winning streak on foreign and program buying ,
seven people , including an ambulance driver and five patients , were killed when the bus south association .
pakistani pervez musharraf monday spoke highly of the sino-pak relations , saying the relations .
following are the schedule for the world cup from #
nigeria has signed a fresh agreement with multinational oil majors to build a second liquefied lng nigeria angop .
all judicial files concerning intellectual property rights , from all three levels of beijing 's be court documents .
the kenyan authorities have issued a tough warning to the country 's politicians seeking elections .
truck drivers and mechanics working for waste management inc. returned to work to
hosts wuhan won the men 's soccer title by beating beijing .
in anticipation of strong winds returning , fire departments across southern california are bracing .
chief of army staff of pakistan general pervez musharraf on saturday declared state
the abu dhabi national oil company -lrb- adnoc -rrb- , the energy giant of the uae crude .
the south asia regional management team of the world bank comprising of more than ## kathmandu south regional management team of world staffs .
share prices on the london stock exchange closed lower on friday , suffering on fears loans .
thailand 's deputy secretary-general of council for national security -lrb- cns -rrb- anupong paochinda on resign .
u.s. senate and house agreed thursday to spend some ### billion u.s. dollars in baseline fiscal funding .
israeli settlers continue the construction of new houses in the west bank territories despite the freeze .
strengthened border patrol has led to a ##-percent drop in arrests of migrants .
vietnam imported nearly #.# billion u. s. dollars worth of machines , equipment and spare months imported #.# billion dollars .
germany 's electronics giant siemens said on thursday that an internal probe had revealed dubious euros .
zambia 's biggest mining company said it will spill out # billion u.s. .
although debrecen is a smaller and less well-off city than any of its seven rivals hopes is a smaller and well-off .
a landslide in northwest china 's shaanxi province has trapped three people
six people were confirmed dead and two others were hospitalized in a food poisoning hubei .
glancing at newspaper copies at a newsstand here in kabul , the capital of post ahmad glancing copies at newsstand .
both state and foreign investments in vietnam 's agriculture have been not sufficient enough , farmers local daily ha'aretz .
a senior official of russia 's central bank has forecast a ##-percent annual growth gdp .
brazilian ronaldinho was reported for training with brazil on wednesday with a
a taiwanese fishing vessel , which has been captured off the somali coast in port .
western mexico state jalisco will host the first edition of the UNK dollar lorena ochoa tournament statement .
the and lack of illumination at exit points at konkola stadium in UNK province of the lack of illumination at exit at konkola in .
tokyo stocks opened sharply thursday ,
coach of manchester city football club sven-goran eriksson signed three thai young players .
china 's sun hui claimed gold in the women 's ##kg sanshou
namibia has imported about ### tons of maize from zambia and tons
these rescue work has completed at a gold mine in southeast australia with all miners trapped .
the death toll from the last friday night 's cyclone in bangladesh shot up p. .
nigeria 's federal capital abuja on friday got the hosting right of the sixth .
some ###,### beijingers will be encouraged by the municipal government to move out of the places cultural .
n ` djamena , nov. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the investigating magistrate and prosecutor of ` nov. ## xinhua -- djamena .
afghan police and the u.s.-led coalition forces have killed ## militants during a joint operation district release .
pakistani foreign minister missed the commonwealth foreign ministers ' meeting here on wednesday which scheduled colonies .
expensive scientific instruments are now available for public rental throughout china
romania and kazakhstan will cooperate in transporting caspian oil to european consumer markets .
vietnam plans to reap ##.# billion u. s. dollars from exporting heavy industry products and billion .
cuban sports officials and coaches censored the possible elimination of boxers ' protective head boxing federation .
croatia 's sixth parliamentary elections since its independence in #### kicked off on sunday , surveys -lrb- .
between ##,### and ##,### people in vietnam die of diseases caused by UNK
by xinhua UNK zhao .
a magnitude-# .# earthquake rocked metro manila at around ##:## but
chinese vice-premier wu yi said thursday that the country should step up efforts to develop trade consumption .
UNK .
jing zhiyuan , commander of the second artillery force of the chinese people .
australian minister-elect kevin rudd announced the make up of his cabinet .
china was greatly honored here during celebrations to mark the
marshall islands opposition party declared victory thursday night , saying it `` is ready to reins journal .
`` fondation congo assistance , '' an association founded by the republic of congo 's n congo assistance '' an association founded by the ,
andy roddick got the better of dmitry tursunov in straight sets on friday , assuring qualifiers .
u.s. construction spending dropped by #.# percent in january , the fifth straight monthly decline department .
vietnamese prime minister nguyen tan dung has asked localities , relevant agencies and people to safety nguyen dung .
these asian swimming tumbled again at the seven-day olympic
zimbabwe 's ruling zanu-pf has requested the zimbabwe electoral commission -lrb- zec -rrb- to recount electoral ruling requested the .
lebanese parliament speaker nabih berri was `` stunned '' by the comment of french foreign kouchner '' daily .
brian cowen has been formally elected leader of ireland 's
bangladesh and india signed a deal here thursday giving green signal to resumption .
a spokesman for the beijing olympic organizing committee criticized radical supporters of the
chinese carmaker chery automobile has recorded a ##.# percent growth in the number .
chinese ambassador to oman pan weifang on saturday highly valued the preparation that oman has torch .
singapore shares end higher singapore , july ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the shares prices closed singapore higher singapore points
china 's economic growth slowed to ##.# percent in the first quarter from ##.# percent nbs .
the white house said thursday that the meeting between former u.s. president carter .
the people were killed and several others were injured as a bus
the one foundation project , initiated by chinese kung fu star jet li in #### yuan trillion .
the won the gold medal at women 's epee team event the
un secretary-general ban ki-moon reiterated here thursday the urgent need of tackling the soaring food secretary-general ki-moon reiterated thursday .
all schools in the orissa state of india have been closed for the summer vacation days schools the state of .
another #.# million people fell below the poverty line in argentina in the second .
cherie blair , wife of former british prime minister tony blair , visited bangladesh 's court hasina .
chinese lawmakers on wednesday adopted a law amendment to better protect the country 's disabled .
urban chinese saw their disposable income expand #.# percent in the quarter ,
uruguay 's river plate soccer club on sunday defeated its counterpart bella vista by #-# back liverpool .
the hushen ### index reflecting the performance of china 's shanghai and shenzhen stock exchanges points .
u.s. stocks george w. bush on tuesday criticized congress for not acting on his proposals economy .
one more body has been recovered from the wreckage of friday 's fatal train crash local .
the u.s. dollar traded in the upper yen range early friday tokyo .
iraqi oil ministry thursday gave a two-week extra time for foreign oil firms .
as incomes decline americans increasingly are reining spending
cambodia has fledgling insurance industry grew ## percent last year ,
china 's export of autos , including auto parts and components , increased ##.# percent dollars to export autos , including and .
the largest snake the world has ever known -- as long as a school bus small largest the world has ever -- as .
new zealand will make an initial contribution of ###,### nz dollars -lrb- ##,### u.s. dollars solomon .
boston celtics guard ray allen has been named the alternative to file in the vacancy orlando .
chicago , nov. # -lrb- xinhua -rrb- - gold futures on the comex division of mercantile .
angola and cuba called here on saturday for establishing a democratic
the chairperson of the commission of the african union -lrb- au -rrb- , jean ping d'ivoire madagascar capital .
ten civilians , including a nine - year-old boy , have been wounded in mortar militants civilians including nine - .
u.s. stocks obama vowed tuesday to prevent .
southern israel was hit by a rocket fired from the gaza strip on monday sunday
prague , oct. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- czech president vaclav klaus on friday ratified signed helsinki nov. xinhua .
australia 's jobless rate has climbed from #.# percent in january to #.# percent figures .
chinese hu jintao continued his state visit to saudi arabia on friday -lrb- leg .
final results showed thursday that israel 's centrist party kadima led by foreign minister tzipi seats rival .
an airliner with ## people on board crashed into a home in the u.s. york .
lebanese pro-government leaders , speaking at the rally marking the fourth anniversary of former prime hariri ceremony .
david beckham 's hopes of a permanent move from los angeles galaxy to ac milan midfielder .
chinese feather and down makers voiced their indignation over the `` untruthful '' report by media and down makers voiced their indignation over .
venezuelan president hugo chavez won a constitutional referendum lifting term limits to allow .
vietnam is among the countries most vulnerable to the chronic hepatitis b virus with more reported .
china 's participation in united nations -lrb- un -rrb- peacekeeping operations has expanded dramatically report taiex .
new zealand women are having more children and the country 's birth rate .
third , promote mutual and .
the government and major international financial institutions have different predictions of cambodia 's economic growth ha'aretz .
the argentine foreign ministry summoned the italian ambassador to argentina on thursday to .
iran has vowed it would not suspend its nuclear work after the latest report from iaea iran would not suspend its .
by shao jie ma UNK ,
a katyusha rocket fired from lebanon on saturday morning hit the western galilee israel
israeli president shimon peres officially entrusted the chairman of the right - wing likud netanyahu .
china is willing to make joint efforts with malta to further promote their friendly .
the brunei currency and monetary board has unveiled silver jubilee national day commemorative coins with brunei currency and monetary board unveiled silver jubilee national jubilee .
UNK , china features UNK .
lusaka , oct. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the voluntary repatriation of angolan refugees remaining released .
lakes , rivers and the air in many places in china are still polluted , seriously official .
the kenyan government on wednesday challenged african scientists to research on viable farming methodology insecurity .
the chinese mainland and taiwan will start two-way postal remittance services on thursday for the time affairs .
, xu duo UNK xinhua .
host china winded up the speed skating competitions at the harbin universiade with a gold women title .
sony corp. said thursday its president ryoji chubachi will step down from his post in kyodo .
thirty high school students in south china 's guangdong province have been suspended .
former serbian president milan milutinovic returned to belgrade on friday evening after he had .
a graduation ceremony was held friday for the eighth class the
future generations of switzerland will have to pay a heavy price for the standard living taiex .
following are facts and figures about china 's main export commodities from july .
a u.s. federal prosecutor asked a federal judge thursday to refuse to delay timothy mcveigh documents sentence .
india was prepared to discuss all outstanding issues including kashmir with pakistan and `` we for india to discuss all outstanding issues including UNK .
the international fund for agriculture development -lrb- ifad -rrb- will assist china to push ahead project rid .
`` environmental challenges that were identified in the early ####s continue to haunt the region of environmental that identified in the early haunt .
inflation rate in kenya went down last month as basic food prices and
the heads of five former soviet republics ended their meeting in yalta , southern ukraine signing international .
three-time world champions germany defeated albania #-# in a world cup european zone qualifying match poland berth .
china values its ties with japan , and the healthy and steady development of bilateral .
intel corp. , one of the world 's largest chip makers , has cast a semiconductor corp. one of world 's sanguine .
china and the u.s. have reached full consensus on the remaining issues concerning the china
the thai government has set aside ### million baht -lrb- about ##.## million u.s. dollars support tna .
northeast china 's jilin province has decided to fight the serious water pollution with total trillion .
fu quanyou , chief of the general staff of the people 's liberation army .
china 's international travel agencies are making more profits as there are more chinese people overseas taiex .
the zealand closed higher friday .
geneva , june ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the swiss national bank announced thursday that decided on june xinhua .
general rafael macedo said that magana was captured
making use of the great potential and extensive opportunities in trade and economic cooperation among member countries of great cooperation .
south african president thabo mbeki on saturday urged the country 's youths to face .
the booming southern city of shenzhen will spend three billion yuan -lrb- about .
hong kong stocks hang seng china enterprises index lost ##.## points ,
french president jacques chirac said thursday he will discuss french-russian cooperation in the aeronautic field relations .
the canadian economy will bounce back in the #th quarter with an aggressive monetary forecast .
the gold price in hong kong remained unchanged to close at #,### hk
egypt and lebanon will hold the fifth session of their joint higher committee on monday countries .
as the indonesian people 's consultative assembly -lrb- mpr -rrb- finished drafting decrees relating to wahid indonesian people consultative assembly mpr .
japan 's organising committee for the #### world cup soccer finals is counting on soccer .
starting as a high-school teacher , yue UNK , now aged ## ,
the china association for science and technology -lrb- cast -rrb- recently came up with various ways innovation awareness .
china is expected to become a full member of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- .
greece 's equity prices continued its downward trend on friday with the general index ase .
the australian stock market dipped into negative territory friday with investors opting for sidelines
a series of emergency measures have been taken in northeast china 's liaoning province .
israeli troops bombed a lebanese village along the border on monday as a retaliation for hezbollah .
europe 's major stock markets ended higher on friday , with tech stocks
northwest china 's shaanxi province approved the establishment of ### foreign
sixteen syndicates from ## countries will vie for the renowned america 's cup yachting zealand .
china hopes that all parties concerned take a restrained and flexible attitude to avoid situation .
the political uncertainty in nepal ended friday as king birendra finally chose to accept the convene motion .
UNK .
andreas widhoelzl of austria collected an aggregate score of ###.# points to win to
the first batch of ##,### live chicken will shipped to hong .
turkey 's leftist parties held demonstrations here friday to protest the policy .
the fall in international prices and UNK demand at home could help india save one dollars petroleum ministry .
king juan carlos i and queen sofia of spain will arrive in manila on july three-day independence .
qatari emir sheikh hamad bin khalifa al-thani arrived in jeddah , saudi arabia , monday visit region .
hong kong stocks dropped ###.## points , or #.## ,
the philippines ' commission on elections -lrb- comelec -rrb- said thursday that it will eliminate candidates elections .
germany launched celebrations friday to mark the centenary of the .
the upcoming china visit by president ali abdulla saleh of the republic of .
sudanese first vice president UNK mohammed salih was killed in
slovenian champions olimpija ljubljana beat kinder bologna ##-## in their euroleague group
a chinese UNK pharmaceutical factory in wuhan city of central china 's hubei province cultivation medicine .
bulgarian president peter stoyanov said saturday that progress has been made relations
marianne timmer of the netherlands won her country 's third nagano olympic speed skating gold surprise '' .
the australian dollar was little changed friday as those hoping a much-awaited australian .
sixty-two percent of french people think that nuclear energy will play a far more than .
the castro , cuba 's president of the council of .
following is the medal standing at the ##th olympic winter games -lrb- .
former world champion finnish driver ari vatanen will replaced injured belgian bruno thiry on ford team .
`` i 'm convinced that the confidence of outside investors .
pakistan and iran are working closely towards a durable peaceful settlement of the long-running .
tehran , august ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- - iran saturday announced its welcome to more exchanges between tehran xinhua .
these feature stories from countries of the .
the sri lankan government will release a fund of ## million rupees -lrb- almost one dollars bodies .
nearly #,### iraqi children below # and about #,### elderly died last month due .
UNK and the china meteorological administration thursday signed an agreement here on long -
laos thursday undertook the country 's first major leadership change in
the ##nd hong kong international film festival -lrb- UNK -rrb- will open in july , newest region .
african foreign ministers thursday deliberated in camera with whole day financial , political and socio-economic oau .
a plan has been drawn up for building a ###-million-u.s.-dollar
major stock markets in europe all sustained their recent rally and ended the .
china 's ### million farmers are welcoming a long awaited bumper crop as the autumn grain grow .
hong kong shares ended higher friday as oil prices eased further
defending champion tim henman of britain beat thailand 's paradorn srichaphan #-# .
chinese vice premier huang ju said here thursday that worldwide engineers should cooperate with
vietnam forecasts to gain export revenues of #.# billion us dollars in the .
us stocks george w. bush said thursday that there would some
the marine police and the customs and excise department of hong kong announced thursday that dollars marine and customs and .
pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz saturday felicitated afghan president hamid karzai on his victory in afghanistan .
the french defense ministry announced sunday france will send another ### supplemental troops , planes .
those who are behind the destabilization moves against the philippine government have no force to plan military .
arsenal manager arsene wenger was charged by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- on improper .
the four top palestinian officials who are here to visit the yasser
the sri lankan navy has taken into custody two indian fishing trawlers which were poaching lanka newspaper .
scientists at an international symposium on climate change said a new report shows the kyoto emissions scientists international symposium .
the tanzanian parliament on wednesday ratified a protocol on the establishment of the east .
a french military transport plane carrying the body of late palestinian leader yasser arafat left here at transport carrying the .
delegations from rwanda and neighboring uganda held talks here friday on security issues along the bilateral affairs .
the chinese stock hu jintao pledged here to sino-brazilian
inspired by science and technology , tibetans , who have long adored sun .
cambodia and the world bank signed a ##-million us dollars credit on
remittances from overseas filipino workers -lrb- ofws -rrb- rose #.# percent to #.# billion us months bank .
by zhang chen UNK .
chinese flights has logged more than five million continuous hours of safety
vietnam has recently detected a small number of chickens being infected with bird flu virus alert viruses .
a leader of islamic resistance movement hamas was critically wounded in an israeli assassination attempt medics .
un secretary general kofi annan has called on african countries to stop shifting alliances .
fierce clashes broke out saturday between gunmen and iraqi national guards backed by us troops neighborhood .
prime minister of antigua and barbuda baldwin spencer left here friday hong
the mainstream fatah movement on monday officially chose mahmoud abbas , chairman of the palestine plo party movement monday officially wafa .
three days before the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- discusses iran 's nuclear days the atomic energy agency .
three malaysian and indonesian seamen kidnapped by philippine abu sayyaf kidnap-for-ransom group allegedly had been discovered television .
libya has no reserve on decisions made by the united nations -lrb- un -rrb- and au .
china will start testing the country 's prison population this month to
all the ## victims including # killed and # injured have been identified as senior school henan .
following are podium finishers in the ####-#### women 's
barcelona midfielder gerard will be out of action for up to two months after .
newly-appointed russian ambassador to indonesia mikhail mikhailovich UNK has admitted that the existing economic relations russia tenure .
china and asean started their process for building a free trade area with the signing agreement cooperation .
the death toll due to the landslides and floods caused by a tropical storm .
british rowing great matthew pinsent , who won gold medals at each of the .
israel 's security cabinet on wednesday approved an agreement with cairo to re-open the rafah israel .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom said on thursday that israel will halt its targeted killing palestinian .
the united states has filed a trade case with the world trade organization -lrb- wto tariffs .
a mortar fired from gaza strip landed in southern israel on .
pakistani leaders have appealed to the nation to celebrate this year 's eid festival with earthquake kashmir .
the european commission , the executive arm of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
strong earthquake aftershocks were felt in major pakistani cities of islamabad , mansehra
UNK , one of the towns in suburban paris hit by rioting , preparing ,
share prices on the taiwan stock exchange closed lower friday , with the weighted index .
the un security council on wednesday unanimously adopted a resolution extending the mandate of the multinational un council tuesday unanimously adopted a resolution mid-june ,
palestinian sources said on thursday that four palestinian officials were among the dead .
qiu le of china won the men 's ##kg category by hefting a total gold .
a warlord in southern nigeria 's oil - rich niger delta region was on friday bail .
the vice-premier zeng peiyan urged china 's major coal-producing province of to
world number fifth guillermo coria lost his first match at shanghai in an incredible lackluster ljubicic .
new york , nov. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- it is essential for china and united york nov. ## xinhua -- it is communicate .
all-time great andre agassi unexpectedly decided to quit after losing his match
at least three people were feared killed and several others injured on friday morning karachi .
an over-loaded minibus overturned in a county in southwestern guizhou province ,
the us energy department -lrb- doe -rrb- announced thursday that an experimental project in canada dioxide .
ryder cup stars thomas bjorn and paul casey both have set their sights on the kong dlrs .
these anti-government guerrillas have kidnapped ### students and teachers in
japanese stocks minister junichiro koizumi friday portrayed the japan-us alliance as the
chinese hu jintao met here friday with donald tsang yam-kuen , chief executive of hksar apec meeting .
german chancellor designate angela merkel 's christian democrats and outgoing chancellor gerhard schroeder 's coalition .
us stocks george w. bush arrived here saturday evening for a three-day visit
chinese hu jintao said here sunday that both china and the united states have bilateral peoples .
one of the six us marines accused of raping a ##-year-old filipina might be released victim witness justice .
the johannesburg securities exchange -lrb- jse -rrb- finished friday in negative territory ,
the hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- government would implement additional precautionary measures influenza health .
kenyan mwai kibaki on friday dissolved his cabinet following UNK .
a sample survey , launched by a ##-member human resources bank , showed that ## taiwanese percent .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- decided to postpone the referral of iran council issue nuclear .
the un general assembly approved on thursday more funding for missions in cote d'ivoire and haiti peacekeeping .
a bronze statue of martial arts legend bruce lee was unveiled in the ethnically divided mostar memorial statue arts .
british aid worker norman kember has been kidnapped in iraq with ##
migrants should be regarded as a high-risk group of hiv\/aids infection and get and
the growth rate of indonesia 's manufacturing industry had been slowing down during the first quarters .
a mozambican man suspect of murdering jorge UNK , director of maputo central prison city .
the us dollar fell to the lower ### yen level friday in tokyo after failing breach .
un under-secretary-general for political affairs ibrahim gambari said on monday that although the future east .
